Meet Meeting
Sat, Aug 16, 2025

0:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
so that's probably, I got a third graders like 85% probably. Yeah. Sure. That's correct. Yup. Yeah. They just don't, they don't teach. Right. It's just, it's not the issue on two things is when you're not taught it, how do you know it? And it's not that it's hard to catch up. It's just school never will catch you up and you're like, you can do it. Just, it's not like, These twenth graders are dumb, they're smart, they're math sports, which schools care about more, are better. I haven't checked them all yet, but I don't think I have any third and fourth graders beating them. Tenth graders in math, but reading and language, because kids stopped reading books. It used to be kids would like Read books, and that would, that sort of helped. School didn't really teach them, they just sort of Read books. And now kids don't really Read books, and so, Schools don't teach them and they don't Read books. So you gotta fix that. I was reading a Guardian article about how Gen Z and millennial parents are just like generally reading at a young age that like progressively less. I think that might be a big like upstream reason. Yeah, no, I mean, there's usually parents would Read to their kids, you know, and there's always debate of whether it's independent of whether your parent does. School is your teacher, independent of whether your parent reads. And so we're going to just have to go back. I mean, basic grammar. Yeah. Yeah. No, what was it? There was this crazy, like, you don't know what a basic thing is. Oh, semicolon. There was a guy fucking applying to college. And a guy I knew was reviewing his essay. And so he went in and edited it. And he used a semicolon. So the adult, my friend, edited the high school seniors' college essay, you know, application, college essay, and put in a semicolon. The guy's like, the college student's like, what's that? It's like literally, you're like, really? I mean, but no, let me tell you, these scores, I mean, they just stop teaching so much shit. And these are private schools. We won't attack public schools, so we never compare ourselves to a public school. And so we're collecting the data. These are parents who fucking were paying $40,000. I was paying $40,000. I thought my kid was learning shit. He was getting A's. At 40 grand, and now, holy shit, it's basically K through eight, right? There's no, you know, it's just great. There's no standardized test. You're like, oh, you got an N. And it's not until you get to the SAT that there's a big wake-up call. Right? And so, and most, like we give our freshmen SATs, but most schools don't. They wait until junior year. And so freshmen and sophomores, And by then, it's too late. And Stanbrell would be sort of like, oh, my kid's fucked. And so, anyway, we're just, no, we just, we gave the high school kids all their incoming tests. Half our incoming private school kids scored the same. In languages breeding at our third and fourth graders. And so now we won't post until we calculate how long it will take them to catch up. So we'll post. Hey, parents, you're paying $40,000. Kid, your school's lying to you. Your straight A $40,000 private school kid scores the same as our third and fourth graders. But don't worry. We'll catch him up over the next two months. We'll catch him up either by the end of boot camp or by Christmas. Depending, I don't know. This is crazy. So math courses are better. His parents care a lot about math and reading language. So I listened to the Invest like the best podcast that's coming out first one in September fucking awesome How long was it? Two and a half hour So it's not published yet, but It's like I can't imagine about one I Had to take the work fortnight out We can't announce it. Yeah It's not announced yet, but aside from that I was like Everything's on great two and a half frickin hours up crazy. It's a long one. Yeah, but it'll be great Always clip like shorter pieces and put them on Twitter. It's gonna be this is there's well, they're gonna be great because Shorter form. Yeah of this is going to be used both for tickets like I say something like okay I'm about to say that I live like I'm not say something really controversial and I give context on what's also and you hear the whole answer you know I thought that's really good you know who's mckinsey's piares people's looking at it but that's true you're so fucked well right but I have to bring capitalism dedication evil billionaire bring capitalism education you know there's just didn't she's like cus you know she deals with all the press business weeks now the pressures like you fucking write your own name stroke like what do you do like well is all true I don't think so I don't know if you listen the whole thing I'm totally fine with that answer so are you a proponent of uh... A bad press, a good press? Well, I'm a proponent that if, what do I believe? I believe you can go and sound like an idiot if you want, right? But I also believe staking your position where you disagree with others and the other people argue with you, I think is awesome. Back to the bad press stuff. Like when people say evil billionaires will ruin education, right? I'm like, well, we'll see, won't we? We'll see. And I'm super happy to debate somebody about it, right? I'm like, yeah, they're gonna have their data points and I'll be like, well, here's what we're doing. And so good marketing is a magnet, it attracts and it repels. And you will listen to this podcast and there will people who lose their shit. And I'm like, this is the greatest thing ever. Right? Yeah. Well, like McKenzie had one where she was doing just yesterday. And, you know, she's touting how great the results are. The kids love school and it's great. And the person's just like, do you understand what you're going to do to AISD? You know, the public school district. I mean, everybody's going to want to leave and go to one I mean, you are evil for doing that. And McKinsey's like, I actually don't see it that way. I don't see that, like, making it awesome for kids is evil, but this person cares about the school district. Right? And if you care about the school district over the kids, you're absolutely going to think, this is terrible. Yeah. Right? No, it's like, it's like stratas. Two hours a day in sports. Greg Abbott is ruining education. I don't know if you saw that on Twitter. Yeah, it was pretty good. Yeah, and you're like, well, I don't seem like it's really evil to me, but there are definitely people who will take that and make it look like they hate me. If it's the same tweet you're talking about, we all got together and had fun and celebrated it. Pardon? If it's the same tweet you're talking about, We all got together on Twitter. Is that false? Yeah, I saw it. Yeah. No, exactly. And that's... And so, anyway, so when you talk about press, you're going to get both sides. And you don't get press if you're not both attracting the word out, right? If it's not a magnitude... If you just say a platitude that everybody agrees with, that's like, you're not creating new knowledge. Right. And it's like, yeah, 100% right. Because otherwise people are like, what's the point of me listening? Right. No, I talked about in the podcast, my head of HR was really great at this. It's just like, if you like, if you can't say the opposite of something you're saying, like a good way to judge if it's fake point of view, would anybody ever say the opposite? And if they won't say then it's a wasted work. He was always into making things simple. And so, like, we were, I remember one time, because he's running a program and he's, you know, we're putting our core values in, right? What are the core values of Trilogy? It's back in, like, 2000 or whatever. And someone's like, well, integrity needs to be on there. And Jamie's like, nope. And people, like, obviously get all upset that you're not gonna put integrity on your core values. He's like, Is there a company in the world who will put, we are a company of no integrity? No one would put that as a foreboding. So it's assumed and implied. You're not creating an exhaustive list of every word. You're creating what's different about your core values versus somebody else's. And don't waste words on platitudes that everybody agrees with. You know, it was always his. And so that's like back to spiky points view. He was one who really helped me figure that out. So we talked about that. They're like, we went through 500 websites to figure out who to invest. This is Patrice. And he's like, couldn't figure out what almost every one of these companies did, because it's all just platitudes and they all sound the same, all these words. And he was like, if you could create spiky points of view, I want to go in and I want to Read the spiky point of view of whatever that company is. I'm like, exactly that. And so, right, that was Boris. Strata's like, we are D1 middle school, and we will be the best fricking academic school in the country or state. So how's it going? Yeah, going great, going great. Congratulations, man. Yeah. That is awesome.

11:39 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah, I know.

11:40 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
It's been a lot of fun.

11:42 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So we were all at the schools this week, and we had the kids take the placement test. Yeah. So it's been a lot of fun. And I think the coaches are really loved. We have the message of academics. Athletics but also academics. So the coach I was with used to be in the Air Force. So he's like super, super hard about discipline and all that.

12:04 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So it's going great. Great. Do you have the MAPS test result? No, MAPS isn't going to be next week. Just a placement test.

12:11 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So now the MAPS Academy and stuff?

12:13 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Or which placement test did you give them?

12:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
The default ones that are in Time Back. And then, sorry? Is it Master Track?

12:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah, yeah, sorry, Master Track, yeah.

12:24 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so off the master plan, I think they come up with curriculum. So the scores weren't great? Yeah. No, I just was saying that we are 50% of the transfers from private schools, $30,000, $40,000 tuitions. I was like, confirm these kids got A's. But our sophomores, freshman and sophomore, 50% of them score the same as our third and fourth graders in reading. So these parents basically been lied to for years. The school's taken 30, 40 grand a year from them. Give it a maze, your kid is good. And then literally you're like, well, they're sort of like third or fourth grade kids. And so we're not gonna publish that online until we calculate how long it'll take to catch them up. But the answer to that's either gonna be during bootcamp or before Christmas. So it's not long. Those two and it'll be great it could be like we're going to catch these kids up yeah yeah it's just it's insane that's they're like six graders and like none of them got past their great science they're all like second grade math second grade reading it's pretty fancy no it's just not very good and so I mean we have hundreds of kids now we haven't done this historically uh because we didn't have a big enough set because sort of you were shaping the public in Now we have enough kids and I can use half. So every kid doesn't, isn't like, okay, you're a dipshit. So, but yeah, no, it's gonna be great. Awesome. It's gonna be great. Awesome. Yeah. Congrats. Yeah. Thanks a lot. And the coaches really want to grow. So the coach I was talking to, he was like, they're at like seven kids right now.

14:04 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
He's like, next year we're gonna be at a hundred. And we're like, all right, let's do it. Events every week. Yeah. No, totally.

14:11 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
We went, Miami went from seven to 70.

14:13 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And so you totally can grow. I mean, the demand for this, I was just coming. They invest like the best podcast, you're just like when that comes out of New York, like I was like, go get a second facility. Because when this comes out in New York, it's going to be insane. And so getting these up to.

14:36 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
The McKinsey one just came out today, right? Yesterday, McKinsey on and Christian Williams. Oh, did that come out?

14:42 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
It came out yesterday.

14:43 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Oh, how was it? Oh, I listened to half of it. It was great. I haven't listened to that. It was all fun. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know if it sounds exactly. I met him at dinner, and he had to listen to me for two hours of theater. And he's like, I got to put you on the podcast because, you know, he doesn't have kids yet. I'm like, call McKenzie. And at the end of the podcast, she's like, hey, you know, sorry Joo didn't do it and sort of, And she's like, he's like, Christian is like, okay, I had dinner with Joo and I understand why you would want a hot ball to free me. The front end instead of Joo, Joo's terrible horses. You got to say the same thing. So, you know, so he was much happier to have her on the podcast than me.

15:31 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah.

15:32 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, he was awesome. Great. Well, good. Yeah, no, we're going to amp up this stuff, and we're going to start publishing. We did this summer on Austin Scholar for the first time, OK, which is awesome. And what we haven't done is bash everybody else, because they all are getting A's. You know, K through 8, you get A's. Like, parents have no idea, right? They got A's in reading and language from third grade, even though they're as good as our third graders, fourth graders. And now you're telling them. We have hundreds coming in. We're going to show this is the average grade of the kids coming in. This is the average tuition from the Providence School of these kids coming in. And there's a double-digit number of third and fourth graders at Alpha who beat them. And these are freshmen and sophomore in high school. And so we're going to do that. Then we'll go down the middle. We haven't done MAPS Fest until next week. We just had a high school do the math stats, so we don't know what the K-8 is yet. So next week, we'll have 100 more data points on the math stats. And then we'll be like, you've been paying 30 or 40 grand a year. Have you checked scores lately? Uh, let's see. So what, um, it's been weeks. So what is, uh, how are things going? What can I help on? Uh, you know, the, the getting to production, right. Sort of shipping to kids. Right. I'm super excited about shipping stuff to kids. Right. Um, he was showing us the math, uh, RPG deck. Yes. We're pretty much trying to do that, but we're kind of not stuck. But let's show you what I have. Sure. That's probably the wrong frame rate. Let's just show you what we have. So you enter. You have a customizable character. It's the array division above this. All right, so we're on 2D for now, because 3D is a little tough. Let's get in. Multiplayer does work, but it takes a lot of polish. So you go into World. We'll probably have player housing. We have an inventory. We can buy stuff. Leaderboard. If we had a bunch of games added here, Pretty much adding the exact file that I'm going to be showing later. So we have a map. Pretty much you can skip this, but that's a really weird case. So let's just fix that one. But trying to have it be not generic, but actually have something to do. Because in Roblox, you make your own games, and you actually have a really, really strong because of their engine. So we're going to have to try to iterate. Okay, as long as it fixes the problem. I guess this is like a can of worms. So I'll stick a file up for this.

19:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Okay, I'll see you in a piece of work in the future.

19:10 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Right now it's just me and you all. Good job, Daniel. Safe chat. Ready to implement. I don't know anything about games. This is good or bad. If you have time today down at CO2, 2001 Colorado, Benjamin Royston, who's Cohort 2, sort of built the best video game of Cohort 2. They've been there since 6 p.m. On Friday. And they're staying till midnight on Sunday, freaking coding games. And he is a domain expert. And so, two things. One, go get his feedback on what you're doing, because he understands what we're doing around all this stuff. He's going back to Rice. We're hiring him. Help us. While he's there, but he's an ex-Alpha kid. So he went to Alpha eight years ago. He's now going to be a sophomore at Rice. So get his video game feedback, because I think it'd be great. And then second, if you can help the kids, the high school kids who are totally clueless, that'd be great, too. That'd be super useful. Honestly, I'm going to go. Yeah, great. So I'm heading there after I leave here. No, we were there until like 11 o'clock at night, you know, and these kids, I mean, you know, it's a high school, these, you know, and, you know, at 11 o'clock at night, everybody's like, we, I had said 9 a.m. To get parents, because, you know, parents have to drive back and forth and stuff. And they're like, oh, I'm going to get my parents, bring me in at eight o'clock, and we're going to start early, and all that stuff, you know, so. Sort of, they were taking the gauntlet. Benjamin was like, I'm gonna take the gauntlet program and just do it Friday, Saturday, Sunday for the high school kids. He goes back to school next weekend. So he's like, you know, they started Wednesday. They're like, okay, guess how much time is this weekend? The parents are like, I was supposed to bring my daughter to a wedding and all that stuff, but they're all fired up. In fact, the kids love doing hard things. So we're gonna take that program that they're doing this weekend We have Garrett and some of the ex-Mr. Beast guys are filming. And they're going to create a little video. And then sometime X weeks from now, they're going to do it for all of Austin to apply. So they want to get 1,000 kids in Austin applying to, high school kids applying to 6 p.m. Friday to midnight. And we're going to run those every couple weeks for all of Austin. And that's going to be our top of funnel for doing all our high school fill-in. That's the McKinsey of high school. McKinsey shit doesn't attract any guys, right? It's parents. This is like, okay, I want to do it. So they're doing that one. They're doing one, which is, they're doing Shark Tank, because our kids all go to Capital Factory and, you know, do this main competition, and all the parents love it. They're like, oh my God. And we have some VCs from last December, the first time we did it, who literally enrolled their kids, because they're like, I saw, you know, I judged them, and I'm like, my kid can't do this. I don't want to send my kid to that school." Well, the parents all love it, but the kids, like, none of the alpha kids invite their friends, the not-alpha friends, to the event, because it's sort of dorky. So they're like, so Garrett and stuff were like, okay, how do we make this cool? So it's literally going to be over a breaking shark tank. It's going to be a pool of sharks. And if you don't get funded, you literally drop it to the you know, shark cage with sharks, right? And all the kids are like, okay, this will be the greatest thing ever. And, you know, we're doing the, and then the other one we're doing, we're replicating what we did where you do, we're going to get a hundred people out on Lake Travis the first weekend to learn to say the sailing, what we did. And then the top two teams, the next week, you can go to Miami and go to the Bahamas in a race. And that'll all be by street. Uh, We're doing a third one, which is Will to Win, which is a great one, which is no skill. Just do you have the will to win? Everybody thinks they do, but do you? And so you basically have to just Mr. Beast can type contests, right? These are always the best challenges. But we're going to put them in 6G in my building, right? All the commercials empty. So you just have all these banks of elevators. And so it's a tournament where you get into the elevator one of the And the loser is the person who pushes the open door button. You just sit there. And you're like, who's going to push it first? How many hours would you wait just sitting where there's no scale? It's just your will to win, right? And then that's sort of a bracket. And that'll be a weekend event. So we're going to create all these weekend events to top of funnel, super high, you know, go get $10. We're going to do is we're All these 12, I met with them on Wednesday and I was like, look, you know, DR. Yeager, mentor mindset, you guys are awesome. This will be the hardest thing you've ever done in your life. Do you, you know, go home and tell your parents, this will be the hardest thing. I'm going to have to work my ass off. I totally want to do this. And so they all, you know, uh, did it. And now they're all doing these crazy, possible success. It's gonna be great. So we're taking the best of the gauntlet craziness and giving it to kids. Ah, great. So yeah, and all this stuff we just, you know, what I need is I need to ship time back, right? It's all I need to ship time back. And I need to ship a constant stream apps on top of into production, right? Just, we just need to, like, I want to be able to go out and say, look, we have the world's best AI coders focused on education, right? And AI can totally do all, no one thinks you can fix education, right? There's too many apps and too much content, too much, multi-trillion dollar industry. And we're like, yeah, you can, right? Freaking crack team. Equip with AI, boom, boom, boom. And then we can just start shipping and shelving all this stuff. So anyway, so that's what we need. And so whatever we can do to help that, I know you guys have been working to get to production. So we wanna help that, right? So. You have a quick update on that. Sure.

27:03 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
We started a con a month and a half ago. Yeah. We're done. We're just interfacing with Andy and just trying to ship it. So we're on production, we're on time back, XP integrated, everything. They requested specifically the science courses and the math courses. Math courses, we're not quite there yet because we have a little more work to do to make the questions perfect. The science, we believe we are ready for students. We're in an email thread with Andy.

27:30 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Emails in this morning and excited. Awesome. Where is this? Are you generating content or scraping?

27:35 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
So we scraped all of Khan Academy. We have all the data. For science specifically, they requested the non-derivative content.

27:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
For math, they're requesting the fully derivative content. Great. And how do you integrate with the mastery tests at the end of a grade level? You haven't thought about that one? Right, but what we really want is Khan Academy is free to everybody. And we basically want to be able to say, Khan Academy, because it's I'm not going to say this out loud, but because Khan Academy is used at school, they've lowered the mastery standard. When you watch the videos from 2014, everybody's like, oh, there's 10 hard questions that I have to get through to get credit for the assignment. Now you go into Khan, what is it, four easy ones, four mediocre ones? Then yes, that's it, to get through the content. They need to, in schools, they don't use mastery standard. And so what we need to do is like, here, Khan's on time back, right? And you go through the content, but then here, take a standard, a mastery test, so you can see what you need to go along, right? And then we can supplement you with Khan's not doing enough, right? And so, but then people Use this free resource and understand, here's the, hopefully it can be solved. Have a switch to put those ten hard questions back. All right. So, how is content generation going in general? Just across everything, across con, across the math stuff, the incense. Well, I'm working on brain maps. I have basically an app that generates animated videos. I'm putting finishing touches on the audio. The video itself is good. And then I need a little bit more time to generate the script. So they're actually like good scripts. But yeah, other than that, like, never heard of it. We went out. And what's the curriculum? What are you teaching? Stats. And the engine, though, you'll be Yeah, the main motivation for it is, at least for the video generation models, they're just really expensive. Like, it's 75 cents per second, and that's as soon as you get it right the first time. So, like, one short-form video is like a few hundred bucks. Whereas with this, if the approach is you use analogs to generate text, and then use an engine to generate it, then it's, like, fractions of text. The content, it's just a watch. All right. But you generate the text first, and then you send it to the expensive video 503 or whatever? Or do you not even use those? Don't even use those. Yeah, if you want, I can scrub through an example from the video for you. Pardon? If you want, I can scrub through an example from the video for you. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah. How long will you do? Right now, a minute. One minute? Yeah, it could be longer if you wanted to. Right. No, I talk on the podcast. I'm like, we're building a TikTok clone that's going to put 100 ideas and concepts in kids' heads per hour. 100, 12. Yeah, so if you're looking at, like, you know, a math video, you know, it's like, basically, Awesome Back to our stuff, but we have kids in high school who wanted to AP staff so Right if you if you got sad content Like, practice.

32:38 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
The Incept team is saying that they demoed to Andy their Math Academy clone, and the state is that everything is done, except for content, and they are two weeks away from being able to put it in front of students.

32:55 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Watch out, and not wait. Do not wait on content.

33:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Regarding the games, we gave Yakuzas games, so I sent my maths to the kids. Yeah, they love it. They're like super, super addicted to it. So I told them like whatever games they want, they can create like educational versions. They went crazy over that. So they're like emailing me the dates and stuff. Right. Who is this you were talking to?

33:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
These are the kids at Samurai.

33:23 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I was at Samurai, Modern Samurai Academy. That's the South? That's the one. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome.

33:28 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
It was like a perfect fit because it's called Modern Samurai Academy and it's Samurai.

33:33 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, that's great. Do we need that to the game engines as we're building all this game? Do we have enough of the learning science API under it that we're like, okay, they're actually learning all this stuff? Well, I mean, right now, if you take for a game, I'd have to stick with FastMap games. And do we have enough FastMap to Fluency? Yeah, for sure. I told Montgomery, because we have like the PowerPath 100. And I'm like, we need the PowerPath fluids. Basically, everybody was following a lot of what's not possible. Right? So if they're basically, OK, if they're following that, they're not going to produce it. They're just making fast line profile. Yeah. Because you have to calculate it in practice. Have you guys seen Trash Cat? Sammy was working on a book called Trash Cat. So part of whatever is common across all those games, we want to write abstract that into an API for so that you can Because LLMs, if we give them the structure and be like, go generate a hundred derivative gains on top of this thing. And do you have the learning side still in part? We will, yeah. For the moment, we just focus on fast mapping. That's fine. And that's all I need. If I can do infinite fast map memorization fluency, That's either fast math and vocabulary, right? If I can just get those with infinite, you know, Roblox-like variety in that kids can sit and generate tons of stuff. Oh, it's the Samurai guys. They're doing this. I'm like, well, I'm not a Purdue martial arts guy. What do they do? Whatever. Yeah, before it wasn't up to infrastructure, so that can go from time back to a full platform. Right now, it's just a landing page for fast math games. There's something like 60% common core, K through eight, that's literally just like memorization. Right? Science facts, the planets, you know, just putting, there's 10,000 facts you want to put in a kid's head. And you're just like, let's just get a bunch of games across all the subjects that fast math obviously needs more shopping. Or high school kids literally can't do fast math. Like they haven't learned the multiplication table. Back to the other project. Let me show you something. I have pretty much exactly what you're talking about. You're right, I guess you've got to type that. Levels, titles. There's one secret. So we have a fast map. 2.5 seconds. The damage is scored based on how fast you are fighting the boss. It's comfy like this. Pretty motivating. When I do it in my hair, so it takes time to introduce. But for me, I believe in everything I upload. I think that's what I want to do better. I can say, oh, it's not like, oh, look, there's a guy from 602. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's for you. So it uses space repetition. Yeah. It uses adaptive algorithm, which is essentially, let's have you match up that mat. Like, how many times do you get a rope, and you drop it back to your body at different times? Yeah. So you don't check how many times you've done that. Basically, the algorithm is equates all of that. So we have this. But the killer thing is, I think, we can create a Ruby. Then you can play with your friends. That's extra awesome. Yes. Yeah, we will. Okay. We'll make merch and give it to everybody. We'll spread it around. It'll be a piece of paper. L-Y-G-O. Lobby leaders start saying, how long ago have you done it? And it's real time. I think this is the killer. I haven't shown it to the kids. You should show this. You should go down, show it to the kids, and then you can find this stuff. Sloan Price Eats. Memorize it on the kids' table. The thing is, do kids like to compete? You have to put a test on their thumb. They get their own problem. It's scaled based on two or three kids, so everyone does this with two or three hands. So everyone gets their practice taken care of Hopefully, they're not based on that. Great. What else? What else we got? We're working on a change. Yeah. It's been piloted for a couple of good CSA schools so far. OK. It's basically not important. All of the core infrastructure is gone. Academics seem to still need some time. I've just been asking for some more data. I'll make sure this number is not around. But very small, minor difference. I can show you the screen below. So this is built off of a studio's dash one. You just extend it. It's like the home page. You can see all the reports you've gotten. We have some stat views here. It's just like, where is that? I'm not sure. And you set a comment. Oh, yeah. That's not good. This is a lot of fun. It's not about metrics. It's just about the quality. We also built in a motivational model. It's this dashboard. This is kind of like what the overview looks like, You have your items you can buy, your rewards. It's a peer-to-peer transfer of outfits. Right now, outfits, XP is one more ratio. So every XP you earn is an alpha. You don't see, like, recent activity. Kind of like graph view. That's like a fantastic test right here. I think this is from prior DASH, but this is what we're still applying with the Bounty tools. It's for P2, which is where it takes in percentile. It takes in percentile, and then massively takes in the student. And you can also add monetary rewards to go with it. You have leaderboards, which has been the main draw or thing that Envy is like, where you can filter by everyone, which is just like the whole thing, all at the same speed. So there's these big flags, which essentially leads to this. So how much are you having to put on the A-Studio data structure, or just the current time-backs? You have a bunch of intermediate aggregation tables, or what's the technical layer? The only thing external that we don't have in time-back, because it would have been so messy, is just all the XP tracking. Yeah. So the Emporium stuff, the items there, we're pulling from the Caliper events. So all of the carding apps are getting it's XP events that we listen to, right? You just report the totals of the external database. So you're outside the whole thing. Not fully, no. The only things outside of it is just the XP in general. Everything else, in terms of like schools and everything else, classes, just pulls out. That's all they used to do, or they're taking this. When do we have our version? What's the status of our AES Studio replacement. A revived code platform. Do we know? I think. Maybe like Labor Day? A couple weeks away. Yeah, do we believe that's... We believe that it's already way more scalable than AES clone. The only problem is porting over.

43:28 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Getting all the data out of the kernel? You said porting over. Porting over, getting the data out, we have to choose like a long weekend migration to do it and just like do But it's like the technicals is far more scalable than AMD Studios.

43:45 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
And quality and maintainability, we're like...

43:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Way better, way better. Is doing a much better job. And extensibility as well. Yeah, I think we should make sure we have good testing. I think scalability and all that is a much better example. So we need high quality tests. Can't AI just generate all the little test groups? I won't speak for AI, I assume. Yeah, I assume. Educate me, yes.

44:09 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Edge is not here, but what I would imagine he says is he's taking an AI first approach from the very inception. So everything, all the types, all the validation, all the tests are just completely like AI generated in that regard. Great.

44:22 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, no, we got to get off the A-Studio stuff. All this, this is why you guys go to production, right? We need to get on that platform, right? I guess I look at it as you sort of have one tech standard. We have to have our back to our picture. We need to embrace and extend. We got to extend the XP, we have to extend the PowerPath 100, the fluency stuff, we have to extend it. But that needs to be an AI-generated platform that can handle freaking 100,000 kids, a scalable platform. Then from that, we build freaking 100 apps. You know, all the different domains around on top, right? And just it, right? And just have the camp, right? The Cambrian explosion of educational apps, right? And is that the right way to think about that? You guys now have been doing this and you're trying to get into production and all this stuff, but are you guys like, you know, on Twitter today, the guy's like, vibe coding's dead, there's no production. It's the dumbest thing ever. I almost sent it to all the guys. Right? And I'm like, right? And he's like, show me, give me examples of in production with a lot of users. What I'll say is, you know, for TSA schools, we've been using this for a long time, right? And a lot of the apps and app store, like Trading Hub and Ice Academy. And I know people have all those, like, whatever about We actually use that one because it was better than the other version. So I think eventually everyone's going to realize that this is way better than what we're doing. I think it's just a matter of time. And I guess that's what I'm looking for from you guys, which is I believe more than anybody alive that AI is going to win. And it's always just Is it above or below the law? To your point of eventually, like, I believe AI generated video games are going to beat Fortnite. And you're just like, well, how far is that? Right. Elon's like next year. Right. He's like, I might be my real, right. My whole rock generator is all because I'm just going to build a video game. Right. And it's literally just When, you know, and I definitely think AAA games are higher than getting SaaS apps to production to climb back. And so what, you know, you guys are the ones who are like, here's the standard, right? We need new production students. You know, can AI generation, are we above or below it? I never wanna go away from AI generation to hacks. To get into production, because I'm like, one more LLF release. Oh, GTB, right? Then you're obsolete. And so we're just riding the wave, and it's just understanding, are we there? Right? Is, oh, Claude 4-1 did it, or whatever. Or GPT-5 did it, you know, and it got us over the threshold. I mean, just to give you an example, like the power of having it all in one org.

47:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Like, one of the coaches was asking for individual breakdowns of students for placement tests. And I texted Danny, and like five minutes later, he's like, yeah, I shipped it.

47:57 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And I was able to show the notes right there. So. Yeah, I know that's what I'm looking for. You know, the way when Claude put artifacts in for the first time, I sort of look at it as, right, I should be able to sit there and upload the time back, like you should have a markdown file the time back the extended time back data structure I should be able to upload that 655 pro and then I can just say how many kids for private school transfer the exact question I'm i've been doing it manually this weekend I'm like how many kids are transferred in to alpha this year for private school are at least three grade levels behind alpha students, right? And I should be able to generate a report, right? And calculate how long it'll take them to catch up, right? And just that kind of thing, right? At the data warehouse level, right? Just queries. And then that's one aspect. And then the other aspect really is, you know, We want to build a learning app that has this vibe or whatever. Use our learning science-based APIs that make it easy, right? You know, I'm on the podcast. I'm just like, all these LLMs are so stupid, right? Because they literally don't embody the concepts of learning science. And we need to create those extensions that then LLMs, the average LLMs, LLM and use it to create good apps, right? Like the mastery standard that LLMs use is too low, right? They need to train that. Hopefully, I make fun enough with OpenAI and all that stuff on podcast that hopefully they'll be embarrassed and be like, okay, let's go fix our LLMs. You know, McKinsey just, McKinsey literally is like, she's got a big podcast And she's like, chatbots. They're not chatbots. Let's be really clear. They're cheatbots. And if we deploy these to schools, everybody's going to get really dumb. So we're going to hopefully push on that, make it better. But OK, so I'm taking away out of this. I'm like, you guys are going to get this stuff to production. Is good enough today. 4.1, your favorite one. It's gonna have the best educational software. It already is, but it'll be better if it's like, it's tuned, it's like the same. Everybody knows that. Great. And when for content generation? That seems hard. So back to my stack, I'm like, if I'm coding in a SaaS app into production, I'm like, yes, it could do that. And so we'll see, right? With the time back, Labor Day, whatever. Then above that is content, K through A educational content. It's hard, right? That at the quality standard, hallucinations, whatever it is, that's hard. And then sort of AAA video games are like up here, right? That's sort of, is that the right framework that I'm coming with, which is we'll be able to do all the SaaS apps first, you know, the content stuff's coming, but it's still, you know, there's two parts. We're still generating it to be static and reviewing versus when can we just generate dynamically for each kid, which is sort of 2026.

51:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
This is more like a discussion point, but our team and the Incept team working, for example, on AI generating new questions, we both sort of coalesced on the same strategy after doing like trying to generate questions for like two months now basically. We've found that if you try to get AI to generate QTI XML it's extraordinarily difficult and it's sort of a problem that's unsolvable because of how unpredictable and undeterministic AI is. But we both coalesced in a sort of way of doing it where we now generate the JSON structures beforehand and we actually write our own deterministic code to either compile it into widgets or like proper like validated math notation and we can like sequester like what would be like this untanded like impossible like AI problem into tiny little bits and solve them all individually and it's yielding good results for like both of us as well.

52:50 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Great, great. No, we should look at, Sammy has a team trying the same thing, and he was like, God, as soon as we just started using a latex engine for display, it was, you know, to your point, breaking it down. And if you just tell the LLM to do it, it's not. It's just, the LLM, it's, what are the tools, basically, that I need to have as the subcomponents that will let me get sort of the overall solution? And so we should probably, Andy Montgomery can run up, have a one-hour Zoom where you all could get on there and just be like, what are your best subcomponents that you use that help generate math problems or whatever, whatever, with the writing guys around? What they have to do to make Alpha write better, because everybody, non-math stuff. So great. How I look at it, which is sort of, you give it raw to an LLM and the LLM throws up on it, right? It's the lines above what the LLM could do. And so the way you solve those problems is you have tools, right? That you can plug in. Like if you go back a couple years, like Mathematica, right? The guy who did Wolfram, right? The math app, right? What's his name?

54:15 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Stephen Wolfram?

54:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, Wolfram. Wolfram, Steven, like he wrote that great, I don't know if you ever Read his article of how LLM works. He's like, I've been working on this for 30 years and I could never imagine that fucking next token prediction would be like this a little bit, right? He's like, my entire life's work, it's awful. Right? You're thinking, I have to be like, right? And you Read that paper, but he's like, but back then with, you know, three, five, basically, you had to call the Wolfram engine to do any math. And I just believe that's a lot of what this is it's just where's the point where the LLM needs to call the light. Designing that understanding that is At least for me, the two main visions I had for my engine were one, as a service to NSAP, meaning they give me the content, I make it pretty, and I give it learning science ordinances, right, just for content generation. And then the second vision I had for it, or have for it, is basically as just like a huge hopper funnel, like infinite content generation engine, for the sake of getting leads for AlphaSchooler. And at least as it stands, it's more suited specifically to math, specifically to significance. So when you say like content generation at the party, does the way I'm describing it align with your vision? Is there any particular way you'd want to put that? No, so back to the, you're below the line, you're trying to generate content above it, you have a to pick a subset of content that you could get above. And so you're saying, the way I'm getting above the line is I'm focusing on stats as one dimension. And then you have two other dimensions, which is I'm focused on stats for learning, and I'm focusing on stats for lead generation, which I'm sure has less rigor, I would assume, as the Right. And so, you know, I, in my world, you have to be able to have the product. If you're generating stack content for lead gen, you need to have a product seller, which implies you have the, if I was stack ranking, it's fine to focus on stack. Right. If you have an engine, if you have a machine, right, that can do stats, obviously to monetize it, you have to be able to deliver outstanding educational outcomes via the learning. And so, you know, you basically have to get your engine there, right, on the learning side. And then the second one is generate the audience that will drive them there. Now, you can do what we're doing with Time Back where I just put the website up because I don't know the podcast. If my shit doesn't work yet, then it's not going to work until after the podcast is out. Because I'm like, coming in 2026, because it's going to be fixed by then, right? So you can use your slop stat generator to go generate an audience for a product that's going to ship later. Hey, you know, you can generate, you can create a TikTok account called stats. That's all this cool stuff, you know, coming soon and build up this cool audience and get people on your wait list or your follow list or whatever it is. And then follow it up when you're like, okay, I got the engine where they're actually learning. Right. And then once the learning part is part of it. Given what you just described, the most important and hardest thing is generating the learning outcomes. But if you're like, I have the slop engine that can get the audience started, there's no reason to wait. As long as you're sure you're going to deliver. Actually, it's not even sure, just whatever. Just great. Start building up that audience, but just tell everybody 2026, you know? And just whatever time you think you're gonna be done with that, like add a year. Because you can always deliver early. You can always deliver early. Like everybody wants to like pick the most optimistic date. I'm like, just tell them it's gonna be a year away and then be less than a year, right? Don't do the opposite of how I would. That's what I would do if I had a stat-based content generator. So if I'm digesting what you're saying correctly, two kind of parallel tracks. One is perfect learning part of it, so that it introduces learning outcomes. But in the meantime, at the same time, the moment it becomes suitable to produce content that would build an audience, also people. And I'd add one little clarification. Whenever you're sure you're going to be able to solve the educational side as well. So if you're like, I'm not sure it's ever going to work, right? I'd wait till I hit in my head. I know time-vaccination don't happen on podcasts. Yeah. I did go on the podcast a year ago. Right. And so once you can sort of have right as far as you don't you don't before that you don't want to get too far ahead of her but once it's in your head got it and as far as like uh measuring outcomes for that meaning like oh now I'm sure that this is yeah learning outcomes uh at least the vision I had for testing it's just like going out to school finding somebody doing something related to the stats and finding out what their working on and then showing a video of it to see if they can, you know, do something out of it. Like that? Yeah. Well, you're going to do two parts, which is one, Alpha School is a good one. The other way is as you build up your Slop audience, you can be like, guys, I got to, if you want to see some example problems, let me know. Right. Part of, you know, the Alpha Kids, why you build audience first and then product is because you can ship incrementally, right? Because you know they want it. And so you're like, oh, here's a little taste and give me feedback, right? And so you can do that once you have, so audience first allows it. Got it. Cool, thanks. Great. What changed that made you confident on that position? I don't know. Andy Montgomery was like, let's make a show. There was some trying to protect but it's The There was a buggy and studio version of the one ed tech standard where there was before you know one ed tech first time to look at it you're like this is such a piece of shit it's so bad can't like what this is the worst data structure in history we can't build on and I'm like we have to You have to be industry standard. It doesn't matter. It's just literally HTML was the same way. You can go Read Marcus Andreessen's stuff in 1994. You're like, oh my god, how do you build an interactive browser with a static language? It was just all this crap. But then there was Netscape 1.0 came out and you're like, oh, OK, this is going to work. And so there was enough where I saw something where I was like, Okay, we can, it's gonna be panning us. We can, one at Tech Support. So the whole fundamental architecture of just doing it. Now, A-Studio is a hack and bug and shitty implementation of it, but I can ship it. I mean, we are, we've got kids on today. Now, we now have to build the AI-generated scale to replace it. And so it was just a, it was that. The feedback on the kids, I haven't talked to all the old school spy guys yet, but McKenzie was out at Sports Academy, the Lake Travis one, and the legacy students there were like, we love the new apps. So the new app stack that we did roll out this year, instead of IXL, they all like, Now there's still some gaping holes that we have to fill. That's some math. Content with some science too. But the kids like it. So Alpha Wright was a brutal one last year that I think kids like, Everybody loves synthesis and math. Math category was better. And so that's great. Synthesis the kids love. We're going to have to wait. Synthesis is basically get the kids to give them a standardized test, see what they fail, and then create supplementary content so they can pass it. There's just not enough. Synthesis is just too narrow. We still need language, but math and reading. Math, reading, and writing. Reading, writing, and arithmetic, I think we're perfect. So far, and the biggest gate hole is pristine synthesis, but we won't know until the kids test through.

1:05:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Did you see a Sage teacher with the X-ray test?

1:05:28 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, we're talking to him. I'm not involved day-to-day. Christian's now fighting with all the Sage teacher people. If they're posting about integrity and how they're keeping their integrity and other people aren't, that is sub-tweeting what Christian's trying to do to them. The reason I haven't been here is because for the last three weeks it's just all heads down, get all the schools ready, get the gods up. And all the stuff, and I'm like, God, I don't have time for that shit. Good luck, everybody else. But I'm hoping in the next two weeks I can stand up and be like, OK, we're ready to get back to normal. I can go figure out what's going to be the success of Sage. So they're sending us their business plan of what they want to do. It's a fun thing. Can we talk about hiring for a second? Sure. Yeah. Cohort 2. Yes. Yes. Cohort 2. Yes. Where are we with Cohort 2? Very happy with the people who are saying yes so far. Great. How many do we have so far? It's in the order of like eight or nine. We have eight or nine so far who've said yes. Yes. You're like ending CCAD, but like basically. Awesome. And then a couple of like still waiting to figure it out. Okay, one only one like already, okay So I was talking to know No, yeah So But yeah, basically like you were down to just a few spots their last few spots you did your talk and then like yeah and then it's just like so many people are interested okay there's been a lot of competition for the last few uh so now we have one material spot yeah that's well and then I just wanted to understand like is that our number or is that like limitation I'm willing to go so I'm willing to hire more here's what I want yeah I uh here's what I'm 12 loss in an action okay which is if you have people who could ship to production, right? And love education, right? And all the things we're doing here, I have more than a dozen spots. I want to hire all of them, right? There's not a limit, but I want that, right? That back to shipping to production that you're coming in and that concept of, you know, this line between I buy code and I deliver production. Right. I'm looking for those where I'm like to those two. I was like, you need to sign off and commit to me that these guys are going to do that. Right. Because I was like, look, I'm like, I literally took over one and I have nothing in production except one set of schools. Thank you. Right. But I have nothing else in production, right? And so anybody coming in needs to be like, yes, I can ship to production. And so that is what, that was what I told them. And that is for your thought, that's what we're looking for. Okay. Yeah. I went, I went last night, I spent like a couple of hours getting ready. It's like, it's like that, but, and then, but when I was talking to him in like the common space, like a whole bunch of people I've walked over to, So we should so we should figure out who you want. Yes who you want, you know, there's there's also, you know, some guys send me an email and he's like I'm super happy to come if you give me three million dollars, you know, I'm like I'm so excited that Gauntlet literally has people sending this out. There's another guy who turned down $300,000 because he's you know, this is asking for 600 you know, and he's never shipped anything to production ever in his life. And you're like, I so admire your balls. Like I hope you can figure out. It's not gonna be us though. Like, so, you know, so the hype, like they got, right. And so let's find the people who are aligned, who are awesome, bring them in. But the clear message to them is yes, you're coming in and you're gonna freaking ship stuff to production, right? We're going to get things in front of kids, right? And that's sort of my message just overall, now that I've been gone for three weeks in the back is, you know, to just everybody here is just, okay, we're all trying to get our ideas and now it's like all right school started right and we've been sort of on the 100 day rush to get stuff in and you know bounties and all the stuff and okay there's now kids in school what are we shipping to them that's going to deliver awesome educational outcomes and if the answer is nothing you should wake up and say oh how do I change that to something right how do I how do we do that right and that's what this And so then for cohort two, we want them coming in with that same thing. Sure, Max. So, assuming we have like everybody on our list, is somebody think it should do production? Yeah. More slots. More slots. Okay. So just create that list. What? Yeah. Just give me, give, give me the whole list. Who you want, right? I will take it. I will also go through with Ashton Austin and be like, do you agree? Any debates here? Yeah, just send the list to me and I will, you know, cause I want, I'm running the original, I'm running everybody by that. Those two are just saying, right. I just hold them like guys, they also want cohort three orders. I'm like, this is really easy. I'm the repeat customer, right? I'm the repeat customer and the next, depends on the last batch, so, right? And, you know, and we wanna be the example. The thing I wanna do is just be like, I wanna be the example for Gauntlet. And by coding, it's like, we're gonna change education because of this team, right? And they came out of Gauntlet, right? It's January 1st, literally in this year, look at what is shipped in 2025 to production where kids now are learning 10 times faster, right? That's the theme we want, right? And obviously if we do that and have, right, crazy success, that's really good for Gauntlet too, right? Like I was with the two founders of Peak Six. I don't know if you know these guys, a couple of billionaire founders. It's a high frequency trading firm, option trading. And there are They've moved to Austin, but Chicago, New York. And, you know, there are kids that are out of college, so it's not theirs. But we were just talking about all the educational stuff, and they're like, I was describing Gauntlet, because they're like pilot AI and all that stuff. And they're just like, okay, where they literally made me in the meeting introduce Austin. They're like, we want Gauntlet, we will pay any amount of money math and fintech instead of just raw SAS, but they're like, we need to re-staff our entire company around AI focused math, finance, right? Backgrounds, give me as many as you can, like run Neil, try it with calm. So anyway, so that's what we want to do for Color 2, is just let's get ones, the whole mental, model of shift to production, provide awesome outcomes so that we can start saying, you know, and maybe time back platforms like the good mark where when it ships, we can start talking. It's based on that. And then all the apps on top of it, all the things on top of it of, you know, between whenever that ships Labor Day to end of year, we're just like this where And here's another one. And here's another app for kids. Oh, 100 for 100, right? Or, oh, wait, we added this. Here's a video game that is an after school. We can take this, which is after school tutoring, right? So spend an hour in the Math Academy app clone that we have, right, or whatever it is, or the con version or whatever. You spend an hour in that. And then you spend an hour gaming with your friends, right? And your parents pay a hundred bucks a month subscription or whatever. And all of a sudden your math like rockets up and here are the cool dashboards that take us like five seconds to build, right? And it's scalable too. We can launch our nation long, right? We just want this relentless, right? We're above the threshold where we know how to use AI to just generate tons of apps. That deliver outcomes to kids, that uses the right motivational model, learning science, et cetera. And so, for cohort two, when you're looking at them, you're just like, are these people? They're like, yes, that's going to be. These are those people. Yes, let's get them on the team. So, and is any of the names at the studio a one-liner on participation rate reduction? Yeah, exactly. Correct. You guys have to educate me more, but my general view is shipping to production is an attitude. There's skill, right, of where the gaps are with AI to ship to production, but it's like, you know, the issue always with shipping to production is people always being like, I'm done. And you're like, you're not really done. You're like, You've self-identified what you think is done, which is not shipping to production. Right. Right. Are there kids' educational outcomes going up? Right, yeah. Yeah, DreamUp is like an employee introduction. Everything is live on LinkedIn, but at the connection, the playback is live. Students actually using us, but it's actually our production side. We've moved our halls. Great. We'll make a big announcement, I guess. Great. One of our students was using 3DMark last night. Oh yeah, late last night. Great. Yeah. No, that's the problem. All these things are just gonna be... The shit is so easy, right? That's just half of this. I mean, relative to like what people think the scale of the problem is. You're like, your kid's three years behind. That means they're 60 hours behind. Not three, like you think three years and you're like 60 hours. And we have a video game interface. Your kid plays 60 hours of video games a week, okay? So let's just call it three weeks, Baha, because it's a little less efficient, right? Your kid's not three years, they're three weeks, right? That's what we need, right? When we talk about what we're trying to do with shipping. Sorry. All right, I'm getting that. Like, you know, there's this video marketing, She's big into ed tech, has been doing, you know, tons of homeschool stuff online and all these things. And she's like, I have basically this concept. After reading, she followed McKinsey and all this stuff. She like reached out and was like, I can build like a hundred million dollar business in this space. If you guys take some of your e-sports stuff, just saw in video game, where literally if you could just put, It could, like, no one would ever go to Kumon in middle school, you know, from like fifth to eighth grade, ever again, if you could do this, you know, with the equivalent of 100 for 100 with video game interfaces, right? In charge, it's like, I could get $100 a month, like, I could get $1,000 a month, right? To catch kids up. And so if you could, you know, give them an assessment test, show they're three years behind, put them in a video game stuff, she's like, this would be a $100 million product, of overnight. And I'm like, okay, well, it's coming. And she's like, what we want to be able to do is have her comment, right, work with us, us being, right, super builders and say, let's go, right, let's ship this to production. Right. So that's why same thing was a congratulations, you've shipped You're shipping kids every day, right? And that is, that is super awesome. Like, couldn't be more excited about that. So like as many high fives, like back to scaling and all that stuff. So, cause it is right. There are kids now who is going to have much better deals. Than whatever their year was gonna be like, you know, a month ago, right? So.

1:20:05 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
And then new students see me so much easier with schools actually in America, so.

1:20:12 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. The school thing, it's like Miami went from seven to 70, right? We're Phoenix, Scottsdale, right? They're already like, The 25, right, we open all these 25s. I mean, literally two weeks before school, right? In July, McKinsey's like going around the country. Hey, I'm gonna open a school in a couple of weeks. It's $40,000. I'm sure you've already paid tuition to some other school and you wanna come, right? And literally, like in Scottsdale, it's full. There's a wait list. And so we're trying to get in September. So we went to, we did that deal with Guideposts, the, you know, things. So we went to them and like, I know we agreed to 25, like three weeks ago. We need 40 in your building. So go rearrange all the classrooms you did and give us more space. And second, we're getting a 50 person building, like a D1 or one of the athletic centers that's 15 minutes away, you know, because we had just set K through three, right now. And so we're going to have, we're going to open like in three weeks at Scottsdale, another 51st building, right? So that we can just handle it. It literally took a month. Like our whole thing, right? If you think back to my talk, God, was that April, March? I can't remember, right? A hundred days ago, 120 days ago, where I was like, the average school takes six years to fill and we have to fill them in six months, now we're like, okay, six weeks, right? Like filling them in six months is a sure, like you totally know how to do that. And we're trying to figure out, can we do it in six weeks, right? And so, and it literally is like, you need to, we're creating all the content of our first week. So we're spending, so McKinsey is going out the first week of September. And she is just going to go to each city and collect all the stories. Because it's all word of mouth that matters, right? Back to thinking you need a parent who says, this changed my kid's life. You know, a reference from a parent you trust, and you got to see it something that a kid do something your kid can't do. And, you know, usually you wait a year. OK, the school opened, a year. Literally, if you look, like, there's a Facebook thread under future of education that you guys should get that I saw this morning. And it's like, okay, well, my kid's been in alpha for three days and they're a completely different person. And I never thought this was possible. And it seems a little premature, but I want to call victory right now. And she's posting, my kid came in today at three in the morning and woke me up and opened the curtains. And said, why can't we go to school on weekends? And this was a kid that used to cry every day when I had to drop them off at school. And literally, in three days, they're literally a completely thing. I thought bubble school was whatever, that they were overhyping it. If anything, they're underhyping it. And then there's people under them who literally are like, up, same for my kid, and then they have a story, up, same for my kid, you know, story. So we're gonna go in two weeks, go to each location, get all that, and then publish, right? It can be like, here you go. And so when you think about your schools, I mean, this can take a while, right? You're gonna have to test scores, you're gonna be able to show all those academics, you know, that one you showed of, you know, apps in the morning, you can work out in the afternoon, right? I mean, you're just gonna, that stuff's just gonna be, right? Yeah. It's really cool to get to 1130 a.m. When the students, they're used to doing academics, you know, right? At 1130, we're like, that's it. You're like, I like this. Hey, guys, it's literally the best product in history. Two hours over six at homework. I mean, it's just, You're like, that seems a lot better. And then what you do with the rest of the time, right? No, you guys, some of you guys weren't here. I listened to the invest like the best podcast this weekend. And it's going to come out first week of September, I think September 2nd. They want it right before my Peter T. And I mean, it's, I think there's some discussion that we had on Fortnite that they did edit out that we have to take out. But outside of like the word Fortnite battle bus, that, you know, we're still talking about the video game stuff, right? How that matters. But except for like, I don't know, 10 words that I have to edit out, it's awesome. Like you just listen to this, it's two and a half hours, right? So it's forever long. But it's just, it couldn't be more. You can't listen to this and think we should send our kid to some other school, right? And, you know, we talk about we have to get entrepreneurs to come and build schools on top of this thing. Because there needs to be, I talk about sports academy, I'm like, just imagine a thousand schools where you're freaking team one athletes in middle school, right? The best school district in the freaking state. Right and you're just and you know we talked there's another one was a GT school yeah we have to open up 500 GT schools we need entrepreneurs come in and you know do this stuff right and then we need to build all these apps right so anyway so yes our first week whatever uh you know, the part since I've been gone, let's see if I bring up today. So we started guiding trading three weeks ago. Right. So did I send you guys my opening talk to guide to all the guides? Send that out. So I'll send that out anyway. It's a one hour talk. OK, here's what we have. Know, two-thirds of the people in the room have, you know, I had everybody stand up, like, were you here three years ago? You know, two years ago, one year ago, right? I mean, two-thirds of the people have been here less than a year, right? All the new dives, all the expansion. And, you know, my theme, I had three themes. I was like, first, we have two weeks to improve the product, right? So, we have three but how do we, right? It's the iPhone 4, fourth year. How is the iPhone 4 better? And so we expanded from, we have our three commitments to the kids, but we created the five pillars, which are the five dimensions of having a school that's 10 times better. And so the 10 times better school is first, we moved from just asking kids, do you love school? To would you rather go to school or go on vacation or summer break? So just even a higher ball. And then we have to teach kids 10 times faster. And then third, we lock down with the life skills that we teach on and the test pass. And then fourth, the fourth pillar is guides, which is what does it mean to be 10 times better as a guide than the teacher, than a standard teacher? And so, like for example, we already asked the question, but we're elevating this instead of just every adult had one or two teachers who changed their life. Did your guide that for you? We have that one, but then we added to parents for middle and high school, because our whole thing of guides is their high standards, high support, right? And what you want in middle is you want to be able to, as a parent, provide unconditional love and support to your kid to figure out who they should be. But that's really hard if you try to hold high standards at the same time because your kid gets pissed at you. And so the statement that our middle and high school parents have to say is, I trust my alpha guy to hold high standards so I can focus on unconditional love and support. Of my kid, right? Like that. And I mean, if you ask any parent, they're like, that alone is the only thing I would need to send my kid, right? Because it transforms how you get your whole six years, your relationship with your kid. And so we added that. And part of the whole experience for the last few weeks is, sorry. And then the fifth one was around character, classmates and culture, right? How do you make sure they're good kids and you have an uplifting community? And so we created a bunch of metrics around that. So those are our five dimensions. And so that's, so the first was how do we make the product better? And we came up with those. The second was how do we scale? Because not everybody's like, everybody now grants us, okay, Austin Alpha's really good, you know, but you'll never it because and I was like and the reason the number one reason that everybody on the planet thinks we're gonna fail is the people in this room not this one guy who that I was at which is everybody's like you cannot hire the old guides are good but you there's no way go higher the hundreds of guides you need that will make sure that Miami Nashville as good as, you know, Plano, whatever. I'm like, so you guys are all the problem, right? According to the rest of the world, but we obviously think the opposite, right? We think the reason we're going to succeed is all the people in this room. And I can tell you by the end of it, like, and at the end of this first week for the parents, right, that we have cracked the code to go get an unlimited supply of guides who are totally awesome, right? So like Alex, if you know Alex, she ran Miami for us, seven to 70. Frickin' parents love her. She's an awesome public speaker. McKenzie's like McKenzie's favorite guy, you know, and for family reasons, she has to take, she can't do the lead guide position. So she's going to take do some stuff with Mackenzie. But so we had to replace him. And like parents are like, oh my God, I wouldn't have come to the school if I didn't think, if I knew that Alex wasn't gonna be, you know, the guy, which is classic, right? Because at most schools, there's like one good teacher. And Mackenzie was like, before you withdraw, just come to meet the guide there. Because McKinsey met the guides, right? They just come to meet the guide there. And the parents came, and they're like, OK, yeah, I didn't think I'd say this, but I think they're even better than this. And that's basically true across all the places. So I feel we have, in the whole last two weeks or three weeks, Let's get them all up to speed. Let's get them aboard. They're awesome. And so I feel really good about what the product is. And the parents are like just a stabbing so far. It's the process to get great guys. Crossover, which is the key to get a great guide is one UIQ test that we seek out, right? Second, you're super clear on your high expectations, right? That a huge percent of people when they get into our, like the fall off rate in the pipeline is huge when they're like, you will be measured on delivering the three commitments to the kids. And if the kid is not loving school, like literally if your student wants to go on vacation, You have failed if they don't learn, right? 10 times faster, two extra two hours, right? And if you are accountable to deliver those. And like a huge percent of teachers are like, fuck that, that's not my fault, right? And they drop out because they're not willing to take accountability. So you're finding the people who are like, yeah, that's exactly what I want, right? So it's a hundred percent. I mean, yeah. Oh, this is, I mean, people make fun of Crossover and all this shit. It's just like, guys, it finds all the right people, right? It does. And the clearer, just like when you talk about Magnet, right? I talk about Magnets on the podcast, where I'm like, you want to attract and repel. And you're just very clear. And Crossover is very clear, right? Are you smart as shit? Do you want to work 100 hours a week and be the world's best in AL? Yes or no? Right? And then you're like, yes. And you're like, are you sure? Let's do remote for a month to make sure, right? Little proof of work. Okay, come on down. Okay, now it's awesome, right? And it's the same thing with guys, right? We're like going through the process, right? We're like, do you wake up and say, I will never blame the kid, right? It's always the system's fault. And I'm the one accountable to that kid, right? It's the system's fault, but I'm accountable. And if you don't believe that, you can't be an alpha guy. Like there was somebody from Andy's academic team, who will remain nameless, who, when we had a kid who got a three on an AP, and when asked, hey, what's the root cause analysis? They're like, it's the fucking kid's fault. And literally the guides, you know, It was remote, right? It wasn't one of our in-person guides. And Andy, you know, and literally, the in-person guides were like... Literally, when I came in the next day, they're like, was she fired? Like, literally, she sent a note like that, were you playing the kid? And literally, the expectation of that group is, well, you're just instantly fired. I'm like, okay, should we give her a second chance? Like, realize that's instant fire, right? But that's the core. And that's just different than everywhere else. Like, in my academic talk, when I say, you know, our difference of our academics is that we think it's our fault if the kids don't learn, right? It's on us. Like, there is no school who actually believes that, right? It's just totally different. And so you can find the people who like it. And so my roomful of 100-plus guides were all people who went through that. They had to do work units as well. Or to cross over to prove it, right? And some might not make it, because when they're in it, right? But I'll know within eight weeks, right? I will know within eight weeks whether those guides are alpha guides, right? And if they're not, we will swap them out, right? No, there was like in one of McKenzie's podcasts, she's like, they're like, well, what happens to a guy? Like blah, blah, she's like, we'll just fire him. Right, just edit. It comes across a little cold, right? That's the Crossover problem. You have the edge, it's a little cold, and everybody wants a little more level support. But the core part of, yes, we are gonna be able to go get 100,000 guides to staff our schools around the country, like I told you, right? Like Brandon was our head of GT school last year, and just awesome, and all the people hated. But he got promoted to go run, right? And so Christian's now. And the parents are like, I don't think there was anybody better than him, I guess, or greater. But I guess Christian is, right? And they're three days in, right? And so, anyway, so that's, so back to what we're doing and back to this product being 10 times better, right? We're going to have all the references over the next two weeks where the parents experience it. We're going to lock all that in, marketing-wise, right? And then we're going to do a huge push to then open up another set of buildings by December. Because January is what private school enrollments are, so you have to have your building Because once it's open, if it's theoretical, you're going to open a building. They're like, whatever. And they sign up with their old school. If there's literally a building, and they can go visit it. And there could be like three kids or six kids in that building. And they're like, OK. Right. It's different if you have that. So that's what our expansion team is going to do, is for all our existing locations, get all the references. And then we will either fill up the 25 that we have, or add a second building like we're doing at Scottsdale. San Francisco went so well the first week. We were just finishing negotiation with the landlord, and instead of 25, we're like, we'll just take the whole building. We're just going to take the whole building. We don't need a subset of it, because we're totally going to fill up San Francisco. So I'm up in New York next week. Next week at the Milken Conference, Akwin is inviting everybody from Tampa to the state. And it's going to be a big event. The Fortnite guy, actually, Megan's going to talk. It's all under Tom Bloeder, so we'll go public. But he's going to talk about what he's building for the first time. And so New York stuff as well. Next week, words getting out, right? And by the way, one of the things you always have to do is back to names and stuff. Like the Wall Street Journal called and said, I heard, you know, Ackman, right, Ackman and all these billionaire kids are going to your school, what you call, like, we obviously have a comment on students that are at school, right? And, you know, the parents, like Bill called the Wall Street Journal, he's like, you can't, for security and safety, You can't tell whose kids are going to what school, right? And so you're always trying to. That's something I don't necessarily think from self-reporting. No. No, there's, right, you're in, I mean, the Wall Street Journal reporter here tonight here in New York, finance and everybody at Forrest Mann knows he's leaving. The leadership team's like, his kid's not coming back. And they're like, where the fuck's he going? Right? So, you know. Were any of the references at the other schools, so the expansion teams can go out there, and then are they going to invite the parents to come in for a drink? I'm just wondering if the logistics are Yeah so um so we have a role called dean of parents right that that was me first year which is they own they are to the parents what a guide is to right right the students and they own the parents and so their job is a so they've all gotten in the first two weeks they're setting up goal-setting calls with parents like what on these five dimensions, what do you wanna see your kid do over the next year? Right, so we align on expectation. This was actually something we designed in the last two weeks to, was for a parent, what are the goals you want for your kid in the year? Are you worried, do you care about academics? Are you like, oh, they're gonna understand it's fine, right? Are you worried about life skills socialization or entrepreneurship, or you're really worried about community, you're worried about your kid being involved, your kid hasn't bonded with a guy, you know, which on these five dimensions, you know, help me understand what you're worried about so we can deliver that. So they're setting up all those meetings over two weeks. During that two weeks, they'll get which parents are like, you know, over the moon and then say, Mackenzie's coming. Do you want to film? Do you want to talk to the local press? Because she'll be here, you know, Mackenzie's going to drive the local press here. To do a little interview of, oh my God, I'd like to go to school with, you know, AI to the robot Terminator killers, you know, or whatever. Is there a dean of parents for each campus? What? Is there a dean of parents for each campus? Some do multiple, cost-wise. You have to leverage them across. Multiple, once you get big enough, obviously, you can afford to have. So there's an Austin one, but the only, There's an Austin to the parents, and they actually do like alpha plus GTE school. They do multiple locations. But the others, you have five locations. But their job is make the parents love you. And in our economic flywheel, when you look at a business plan, the whole key of growing rapidly at low cost, right? Virality is that you have to have a parent base who is fanatically positive and reference, right? Because everything's word of mouth. And so when you have that, right? And so their, I mean, their job is, my job is to deliver for you. The side effect of that is You can grow fast if you want, if you have enough customers, right? Just like anything, if you have a fanatical customer base, you can grow much cheaper than if you don't, right? If you're a fan of a Tesla car, right, evangelize all your friends. And so the one thing that our teens and parents do is they spend all the time, let me deliver, let me deliver. Okay, are you freaking super happy? They're like, do you believe this? School, you know, they came up with their five questions to ask the parents that are really hard. One of the things, and this is a good one when we talk about like shipping to production and right attitude, you know, when I was talking to the guides, I was like, guides, you have to understand mentality wise, if we're going to scale quickly, you're not looking, when you're asking a survey question, you're not trying to get a guess. That's not what you're trying to do. You're trying to figure out what is the pain insightful question that tells me if everything's awesome or not, or if there's a problem. What is the question I can ask that gives me insight, not that gives me a guess? So like, we're at 95% do you love school? And I was like, look, three years ago, that was a good question, because it wasn't 95%. But now it is. So it's useless. I mean, sure, keep asking it, whatever, but it doesn't tell you anything. Literally, it's got to be, do you love school so much you don't want to go on vacation? Because that's not 95%. And you're like, ah, we're not meeting that standard. And people are like, that's a fucking, that's the highest standard. Like, yes, that's pain. Or for a kid, when we talk about community, do you think anybody in your class would ever make is a great question to ask all the fourth graders. Because that tells you whether they think they belong, right? And it's not, are you happy at school? They're like, oh, they love school. No, it's get to that painfully insightful question. Because that figures out, and if you track it at scale, right, that can help write to the guides, right? What are the questions about the kids with the guides? So I'd know in eight weeks, right, if they're an awesome guy. It's the same thing on production. It's like when you say you're ready for production, do you like do the happy pack that gets you a yes? Or did you like, what are all the cases where this is gonna fail? And it made sure that like, that's the difference mindset wise. And so back to this, it's, we're gonna go get those parents, right? And then the teen and parents, once they're happy, right? Once they're super happy, The number one issue, after we have a super happy parent where we're delivering three commitments, the one thing we don't commit to, because we can't, is how big is your class? Right? The number one complaint, every parent who loves Alpha, is it should be bigger. I want more classmates. All of us, right? There's no upper bounds. Or we have an upper bound, right? And that's where the dean and parent actually educates the parent. And they're like, well, we handle everything else, right? But you being a reference is the key to getting more students. We can't do that. McKinsey gets 4 million views a week of people, right? We're the most Sometimes we get 4 million views a day talking about it, right? And so we handle upper funnel. When you go to our shadow gates, the world's greatest thing, right? Every kid who goes through it loves it. But at the end, there's a phase where a parent needs to talk to another parent, right? And if you as a parent want more classmates, you have to jump in. Or not, we can't solve that problem, right? And so the dean of parents is like, you want more classmates? And we're going to help you. So here's a way you could do it. And so then we enable it, we activate it, so the parents can do it. Because the parents are like, I'm fucking happy you should have forced that weapon, right? And so that's when we talk about founding families. You're just educating them, because they don't know. But they're old school. They never had to do that, because they're Everybody was super happy at all that stuff. I hated that school, by the way. This is one where you're like, well, you sort of got to tell people. You're like, oh, OK. When we tell people, on this location, on niche or great schools, can you post a positive review? They're like, oh, I don't think you know those sites. You're like, here you go. Go post a review. You're like, OK. There was a deadline for like, alpha high to get up like 10 parents, right? Super happy, but you have to tell, right? And so that's one of the roles of the dean of parents and making sure that loop is closed and how economically we pay for it. I don't know in your model, your coaches would want to do it obviously, right? In our economics, it drives down your cost of customer acquisition. So you can funnel the team and parent role, not out of tuition, but out of producer marketing class, right? Just your cost of customer acquisition. It's one of those awesome, right? Reinforcing cycles, deliver a great product. And all of a sudden it's really cheap to get new customers and new revenue. Right now we have guide training, you'll tell for the coaches. We don't have quite, but you still have running school training. Fortunately, these coaches are all early adopters and they already play that role of teaching the parents and running the school and hand guiding. So they're able to make it work, but you'll want to take. Yeah, you'll want to take some. So back to how our thing is scaling. Because there's one is you design it, right? You have to design the five pillars of what a better product is. Our teen and parents were like, OK, what are the survey questions that we need to ask? And what's this? How do we, what's our role? Whether I'm a good teen parent. How do I know I have great teen parents? And I'm like, well, I'll tell you when every parent at the school has referred another parent who's at the school. And you're like, okay, yeah, you've obviously done a good job, because parents are happy as shit, and they're bringing in other parents. In fact, if everybody has at least one, we're all set, right? We'll grow as fast as we can. We'll go from seven to 70 if I am, right? Which is more than those original seven have brought in more than one kid. And so, and so Steph though, worked with the Dean of Parents and was like, okay, I'm gonna create a work unit and then write a survey and then you build, hopefully we add to time, whenever she's following her thing, she's adding to combat. Right. Where we need to run the school part that incorporates all those survey and scalability so that we know, at each location, either to the parents, who's delivering for the parents. So she can give you all the survey questions and stuff. Right. Yeah. I know some teams are working on that. Training. Yeah. So whatever they're building, for staff to take and put it to Shopify for Microsoft. One cool insight has been, you mentioned that they always want to be your class size. I think class-wise, for sure, in terms of the families we talk to, for classrooms, they want to be smaller. We often talk to parents and we ask students how many classmates they had in their previous school. And we're getting answers like, oh, I had 35 other kids in my class. And if I were to ask one of those parents, do you want, are you okay with Microsoft? Five or 10 kids, and they're like, yeah, my block is very small. And so that's been. That will change immediately. The reason parents want five or 10 is because they've been trained that smaller class size is better. But what will happen one year into having a school with five or 10 kids is they don't have enough friends, enough socialization, all that stuff. So parents drive. For small class size and once they get it they're like and their kids crushing academics so they're like class size isn't related to academics maybe it isn't a big school 35 people no one learns and it's disruptive and you're like right and so when you're saying small class size a lot of what you're saying is I want the kids I like and there's a bunch of that 35 who I don't like but once you have five or 10 kids around your kid, you're like, well, I'd rather 15, 20. And your kid's going to say, you're going to be like, oh, how many friends do you have? Or is better? So that's what you'll, you'll go through a cycle where the homeschool parents that feel that way, where they're used to their kid being, I guess, beloved the rest of the day. And so five to 10 is fine for a homeschool person. But then once they have it, it's like two X learning now, I have like parents that are like, I was like, why can't I only learn in two hours? I was like, I don't know, like a year ago, you thought it was impossible, and now you're at, right? It just, expectations go up, which is a sign of a good problem, right? You're just resetting everybody's bar, which is always great, because they can't go to any other school, right? And I agree with that, because I also feel like, right now, the parents like it, but they're also thinking about having teams. Right. You know, at least a little bit. You have to move on. You have to think. That's right. You can't, you know, or the reason we're spending so much money on all this high school stuff is you can't have a good high school that's not a few hundred people. You really need a thousand, right? Cause you want teams and just skate. There is, you know, economy scale from Brookside, right? And that includes, Right? Classmates and friends, right? Like you can't, you know. No, like the energy and alpha high this year, because we have four times as many students. And if you asked all the high school students who've been there, well, on the first day, all the old timers, right? I'm like, how is it? They're like, who are all these fucking losers, right? Because you have your tribe, including the losers, right? Today on Saturday, they're like, okay, this is awesome. All these people and I'm making new friends and it's bigger and the energy and right. So it's very, I mean, as long as you keep culture awesome and standards awesome, then bigger is better. And economically. And all our coaches want to expand too. So, no, of course. And you'll, you'll get it from parents, right? No, I mean, one of the things we very much believe these microschools, if they stayed at 25, everybody, so alpha's microschools, we make a commitment when we open one that within 18 months, we're going to open a 200 person school. And we just, it just takes 18 months to get a building and permitting and all that shit. And so, We can open 25 now, and in some cities, we'll get a second micro school of 25 to 50. But 18 months, as soon as we can, we're going to move to a big school. And if you don't, I mean, Bill Ackman's not sending his kid to a school of 25 people for the next 12. It's just not going to happen, right? And he's like, no, we're going to freaking have hundreds of people. Yeah, we are. He's like, I'm going to help you get them. If you are, right? That's what founding families are. When you're bringing the founding families in, you're like, guys, you, like it or not, are the ones who are going to give us the hundreds. You know, we do all this other stuff. We can get the, right. We'll make sure the three commitments, everybody's happy. We'll do upper puddle demand. But at the end of the day, it's going to be you guys saying, this is awesome for my kid. And if you don't say that, You're not going to get classmates, right? I mean, 90% of the world's a lurker, right? They prefer not to say. And that's part of what you have to do, is how do you activate your super happy cuss words, right? And it's as simple as like, post, write a review. Here's a parent who really would like to come. Could you go to coffee with them? Get off phone. Right? And they're like, yeah, totally. But you have to ask them. Now, there's things you can ask that they don't want. You're like, Bill Ackman, can we have the Wall Street Journal publish that your kid is at 1214 Broad Street from 9 to 3 every afternoon? Right? No, can't do that. Can't do that. But he's absolutely happy to open his hands in this thing for hundreds of people to come learn. Because it's a protect way. He knows what's coming. Yeah. Yeah. I have a question about high school. How many students are going to be there, or are you absolutely assuming? 60, I think. 60. 50, 60. Yeah. And if they're in ninth grade, and they take the placement tests, and they find that they are getting they're majoring in fourth grade, they're getting sitcoms Read at all of our schools. They have to catch a load back up before they can do any type of agency. 100%. So here's our high school curriculum right now, boot camp. So one of the things we decided in the last two weeks is there's no more session one. We have five sessions. There's no more session one. There's boot camp. Every year, we have this, like my first year, boot camp, right? And uh there's a long segue you've been asking about the fight I had the first year naming it the kick toxic masculinity it was not insane I was like this is sort of a well-known term that really puts into All the kids know what it means, okay? So it's all bootcamp because we got to catch up. We got to reset it because from now on, we're going to be growing. So the reason we're doing it is we're always going to be adding so many new students every day, right? Back to growing. If we're growing at the rate that we have to and getting to a billion kids, all our schools are going to be doing it. And so all the kids need to get bootcamped up. If you're not growing that fast, you don't need it, because you're adding just a few kids. But this is one, you're like, nope, let's go. And so to this point, on the academic side, you come in in standard school. So everybody comes in standard school, and they don't get all the freedom and flexibility, and they're literally sitting at a desk, third grade. And you have to prove that you can become a time back learner. And so at high school, to answer that question, You have to pass middle school. You have to pass middle school. And to give you, for those who weren't here at the beginning, we just, we tested Thursday, Friday, the new incoming high school kids, right? And these are private school, 30 to 40 grade a year tuition kids coming in ninth and 10th grade, right? 50% of them. Score the same as our third and fourth graders in language and reading. Right? And on their transcript, their average transcript is an A minus. So the parents are like, my kids have been getting an A at a $40,000 private school. Right? There's back to grade inflation and all this shit. And there's like math's a little better. So they have to catch up. Now, the second part, we're not going to tweet it this weekend because I don't have this answer yet. The second part of it is, and they'll be caught up by the end of boot camp. So we're going to tweet your $40,000 private school has been lying to you. Your kid knows as much as our third and fourth graders, right? But we'll catch them up. And if it's not, I have to make sure it's by bootcamp or Christmas. Now, my high school kids are bootcamped, for sure. But my lower school, eighth graders and seventh graders, middle school, we don't have as intense on the catch up. We can catch them up by descent, depending. Depends on how far along. But high school, we're like, cause I got to get you into high school. Great. And so you can't, you gotta be out of fucking middle school, like go, but middle school doesn't have to be out of middle school, right? By, by bootcamp, but, and it's catch up. And then there's all the other things you can do to bootcamp. Let's get you going. We thought about like, so let's say like the kids in ninth grade, they have to take like fourth grade math. Yeah. When they log in and it says fourth grade math. Yeah. But we thought about science matters on purpose, purpose. No, I'm totally fine back to building an app where we hide what the grade is and filling the holes and all that stuff. You know, this is where I want 100 for 100 and, you know, back to, we need to shift to production and have fucking apps. I need to be able to say, why don't we just do an app that gives them lessons, doesn't have grade levels. Versus what we do today, right? Have content just, right? And just give them a video game and just, you could have levels in a video game. It's not grades, it's levels. I mean, just, geez. There's so many little things we can do when we can just create apps to production to get around these mental hangups, right? But we're running a hundred for a hundred, right? So we run a hundred for a hundred and you know, there was a bug in a studio's fucking platform and it pushed everybody down to kindergarten. So the alpha middle schooler is like, fuck yeah! Fucks, we're scrappy, right? They're like free money, which back to an alpha and why high price points and stuff. You can sort of get around your bugs in your software by giving the kid 100 bucks. They seem not to mind the bugs. So you'd be happy to get over it, right? But anyway, but yes, you absolutely want to take away any stigma around it, unless you're trying to say each standardized level, you didn't do third grade. Okay, here's the lessons, you sort of have to, you know, do that. And you give them a hundred for $100. Now, your price points. It's a little harder. So, we can't be taking academics in the morning, and then they still do best skills definitive, or they just keep working on enforced work. If they're really far behind, we come up with a, I mean, so high school is a minimum of three hours. And so we tell them they can either do homework, a lot of what high school back to the bootcamp is, you do your three hours in the morning, you do life skills, your Alphax life skill stuff in the afternoon, and then you go home and do academic to catch up. Yeah. Right. And so we put, you know, the So it's get out of eighth grade. Right. And it's like the first time they've been told. And back to just, I mean, let me tell you, you tell some kid is fucking straight A's in their private school. And you're like, dude, like there's four here. Meet Claudia. She's better than You know. She's not. You want to just catch up. Right, I mean they could get, right, they want to. And then we put you, once you get out of middle school, we put you on SAT grind, which is math, reading, language, and writing. And we still don't let you do APs, right? Math, those are the basics, right? People talk about SAT. SAT is the basics, reading, writing, and arithmetic, right? And so we put you on the 1500 to get you on track. Now, on track is just, you're not there, we just know you're gonna make it. And then once you get on track, $1,350 for non-honors, $1,550 for honors. Once you're on track, sorry, and even honors is only $1,500 for bootcamp. Once you're on track, we then open up eight weeks to you, right? And this causes massive anxiety. Cause like, I'm going to start in these immediately. And one of the things you have to do in bootcamp is articulate to you and your parents, how many hours it's going to take you to do an AP. Like AP world history is only $75. So when you think, Oh my God, it's 400 hours at standard school. You're like, I need to get going. Right. When you're like 75 hours, you're like, okay, I can start this. Right. So it's get them on then open up APs. That's how we do it. Yeah, some of the 9th grader baseball school graphs on APs, they took placement tests and they're all 3rd, 4th grade. Yeah, but this is why school's so fucked up. They're going to take that kid who can't pass 3rd and 4th grade reading, can't pass it, and be like, let's put you in AP World History. And then the kid's fucking it not too well in AP World History. I'm like, I don't know why. God, it seems so It's so hard to figure this out. I mean, seriously, that's what happens every fucking day. And you can tell that guy to work as hard as he wants on AP World History, like, how about we give him some third and fourth grade? Right, let's get his Lexile level up. He reads half the sentences, he doesn't know the words, you know, just give him in, right? And it's one of those things where if you spend 30 hours in middle school, you know, grade and middle school, It would do more for your AP history than anything else, right? One of the things that just is this, that fucks everybody up is, but they have to take a grade level test. And so they need to be learning the grade level material. I'm like, they're gonna get those questions wrong on the grade level test unless they know the prereqs. And so if you learn the prereqs, your test score at the grade level will double. Even if you don't even learn the grade though. If you go from 3rd to 6th grade and you're taking an 8th grade test, your 8th grade test will go up even if I teach you nothing in 8th grade. Right? But that's... You can't Read half the words on the fucking AP World History. Just, if I teach you to Read the words, your AP World History test will go up even if I don't teach you World History. I mean, it's just, it's that whole concept, right? And so, yes, it's always, always the right answer to go fill holes. And nobody ever agrees with that. And it's a huge fault. And so we have to go educate all the parents that. Yeah, set the right expectations for the students, too, especially if they're coming in with AIs since that's prior school. They think that they're right there. They're in the fourth grade. They're pretty confused, too. No, you're learning my first year. Yeah. Right. That story, you've heard the story. Go to the seventh grader. You could get 100 on the Texas Star. They're like, no, I can't. And or you tell them you need to fill holes. They're like, fuck that. And then their moms yells at you because, right, they need to be a grade level. I thought this was a rigorous school. If there was a teacher they put at a grade level, I would. I'm like, yeah, they fucking put it. And that's why your kids aren't learning shit. Right but then you give the kid 100 bucks in third grade and he's happy because it doesn't take that long right kindergarten takes 10 minutes if you're in seventh grade right third grade and then fourth grade right but yes you are going to fight the kid and the parent right and you'll never win the parent poll ever so you go straight direct to the kid and give 100 bucks so let's get the 100 for a hundred app shipping, and you can just deploy that, right? To the kids you have. And then everybody's like, okay, this works. Yeah, I don't know if we can do a hundred bucks, but I actually, have I just bought the chip, and they were like, super happy about that. Yeah, you can do, right? The hundred is an abstract concept. I mean, I always talk about a hundred dollar bill, because it's easy, but you give them a hundred alphas, and alpha, you know, they get a hundred credit points. You know, there's all these hundred minutes of gameplay, a hundred minutes of screen time. If you're a parent, like back to, is our motivational thing done yet where you can earn things and then you can trade them in. How about a hundred minutes of screen time? A hundred for a hundred minutes of screen time, right? Whatever it is, you can just, but yes, that's the, the key is the a hundred for a hundred, not a hundred dollars. It's whatever motivates the kid. A hundred nuggets. A hundred Chick-fil-A nuggets to get the big flat. No, if you did a hundred bunny petting. Now I talk about that with the podcast, but like down in Brownsville, like by far the number one motivator is the petting zoo. Like by far, like if you take the kindergarten through second grade kids, you fricking say, there's a petting zoo of everybody in the class, doubles, academics, fucking those kids, all of them, to be able to pet the bunny and pet the other animals. Like where I was saying middle school and get like crack cocaine as video games, petting zoo is for like the kindergartens. No, we took a bunny as a test and put it in the room next door of where they are. And we're like, if you hit your academics, you get to go sit in the room with the bunny. You know, these are kindergarten, first grade, and they're all, you know, it's hard to get them to focus, right? They're all, and boom, they crush through their academics and we're next door in a second to be able to sit, just sit in the same room as the bunny. Maybe it'll work for super builders to ship to production, the bunny. Yeah, exactly. And put it in there and figure out your motivation. Hamster, there we go. I like that. I like that. So great. But yes, isn't it awesome to have real-world profs, students? Yes. At least at the baseball school, the key motivator is exactly what we talked about, which is tieback. These kids, if they could just be done with academics by 1130, they could go play baseball or play video games. I talk about that on the podcast where I'm just like, because I'm like in the mood in the article, right? The astral codex, they're all say it's money. Like it's not money. Money matters. And I go through the money once as well. Like if you have to time back by far is what motivates the kids. I don't know if you told me you need to take the West time demon. Six hours a day plus two hours of homework. And you gave me all the other motivations. I don't know if I could get the kids, right, all of them. I don't know that I can get the kids to love school. I'm like, you give me time back and I can get any kid to love school, right? It's just kids want their time back. It's that is of all the motivators. I think my life is we call the product Time Back, not Money Back, because Time Back is a bigger vote of faith, right? Now, there's specific places where money really helps, but I mean, how much would you have to pay a kid? So you have two kids. One kid does two hours a day learning, does cool shit, the rest. And the other kid does six hours a day plus homework. How much do you have to pay that second kid? I'm like, I don't know, 10 or 20 grand. I mean, a buck. Right? It's just, it's a huge delta, the value that kids put on their education. As we should. I mean, that's not right. Yes. There's no sports at six hours of A plus home. Right? Now, the thing about your sports academy is once everybody starts dicking around at noon, everybody else is just like, what's going on here? This isn't fair. Extra training. Self-tweet out. Right? Yeah. No, I loved your guys tweets about, I love the hatred, but that, but that is, that's the whole thing about two hour learning that you're going to get into is everybody thinks you're lying and cheating. This is why you need standardized tests. All the things I talked about is right. My first year, I'm like two hours. That's all your kids need. They're like, that is such bullshit, right? Even parents who hated standardized testing are like, show me the Right? And you're going to be the same thing. People are going to be like, these ESA vouchers are creating fucking sports schools. Look at this bullshit. Right? We actually get the best of both worlds on the hate side, because we get the same type of hate that Alpha School gets, plus we get the youth sports business hate too. Yes. So it's going to be like, pretty cool. You're just going to ride that hate. Ride that hate to create that. Right? Yeah. And I'd love, and back to just both, you gotta keep both messages together. We're gonna deliver amazing academics and fricking the awesome athletics, right? Both is what, cause otherwise you'll just get crushed if it's one or the other, right? So, you know, when you have an easier one than the alpha on the kids love school side in that people see it Yeah, that seems pretty good. Right. Wow. No, I was showing your tweet to people. They're like, okay, that's pretty good. Right. But yes, so. The thousand schools is causing anxiety though. Just to let you guys know. For who? All the people who don't want you to succeed. No, like the, the even the republicans who voted for school choice they're like that uh is that going to be in rural texas because that's not going to be good because the public school people are really going to hate that you know so mckinsey was on a podcast yesterday or with a reporter yesterday and back to just you're going to There's no way to vote it. It's just part of the game when you're doing education. So this person's like, okay, okay. I get that kids love it, that they're crushing academics, and I see the kids, and they're like, literally, I wish I had this. Okay, so you can't have a bigger thing than this reporter. And the reporter's like, and so McKinsey, given what I've seen, Don't you believe what you're doing is evil? Because, I mean, what is this doing to AISD? I mean, this is gonna take all the kids out of AISD. And I mean, that is just profoundly evil, right? And Mackenzie's just like, I just don't see it that way. Not in a million years, like seriously. Really? But that's right. Yeah. I mean, if you're a public school believer, you believe that AISD is sacred. And this thing that draws kids away, because it's awesome, is evil instead of good. Right. So, so just like, well, that's not gonna be a good story. Because, you know, McKinsey, originally, because she She has a, you know, she did, when she started New Press, she's like, I mean, when you just come to the school and you see everything, of course you just write a positive article. You're gonna wake up and there's gonna be some negative articles coming out the next few weeks, right? And you saw some of the hate ones and all that she's had. There's sort of, school's starting, so there's gonna be a bunch of positive ones, there's also gonna be the hate ones, right? And it's just, they come from just a very different point of view about what their goal right? Now, the number of parents who say it's evil is very low, right? But the people who don't have kids, a reporter, abstractly, you know, then they can sit and say, systemically, I could see how this would be bad for public school funding if all the kids leave. You're like, yeah, that's really good for the kids, right? But it's really bad. And then doesn't it put AISD into a death spiral. You're like, well, no, it's just maybe you have to close some schools, but AISD has closed schools anyway. I mean, right demographics, there's fewer kids, schools are closing. So just, you know, and it's right. So just shrink, you're going to shrink no matter what. And it's not, you're shrinking whether I have a school or not. But you're gonna get that as your thing's gonna be so positive, right? I mean, it's Texas, it's sports, and you're gonna have this all over the place. And I mean, the anti-school choice people. So I was talking to the new comptroller, which, oh, we should talk about that a little bit. ESAs are going to be a mess in Texas.

2:19:34 - Unidentified Speaker
So they're saying separate?

2:19:36 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
They're saying, so here's what's going to happen. He's like, here's, I mean, he's super smart. The new comptroller is awesome. He's like, this is a mess. He's like, the law that passed is a mess. He's like, well, and he's just like, there's so many different things. First off, we have to build up a whole system. He's like, but let's just talk about the reality of, and he's been involved, he was on school boards for a long time, pro-choice, could be more aligned. He's like, well, let's just take this. He's like, in January, Let's say we get it over by January. Let's just pretend we get enrollments over by January. So they're opposite, right? He's like, you understand the way the law reads, the preference stack of who gets money is inverted to when people apply. He's like, your special needs families who have first priority will apply August 11. Your high income family is going to apply January 11. You can't grant the ESA till August 11 because I don't know until August 11. How many of the preference apply. You're a parent or a school. You have no idea if you're gonna get ESA until the day before school starts. He's like, so that's like a flaw of the bill. He's like, I don't, and he's like, legally there's, right? He's like, now I'm trying to convince the legislator to let me use statistical modeling. Be like, hey, 7% are going to be there as time goes by, you know, and make the estimates. Maybe that is, but in the law, right? And then second on renewal for year two, it's not going to be funded by the legislature till after everybody has to be accepted for the second year. And so you, all these schools are going to have to sign them. And you take these ESA kids when I have no idea if it's going to be funded a second year and there's a whole coalition of we're gonna crush the CSA funding not it's gonna be a one-year thing and so it's gonna be a huge battle it's big he's like so we got big issues here here's how I'm trying to help it you know so anyway just isn't that why he's very excited he's very excited about having all these awesome schools. There's other Republicans I've been talking to who are like, oh, that's really gonna hurt, right? Can you do 50 and keep them focused on cities? Don't be going out to rural, you know, whatever. So there's that fight that even the Republicans who voted for it are like, if it comes to my district, it will be bad. Because people love their local school. Anyway. Do you think it's like that from the parents' point of view or from the politicians' point of view? Only the politicians. No, your solution is easy. Go open all the schools and have all the parents love it. And you can't, once you have a good product and it's deployed, it doesn't matter what the political voting class is, right? It's why they did the nation Once a parent, doesn't matter their political affiliation, when a parent is using a voucher and getting a great academic for their kid, they don't give a shit. They're like, that's all I care about, right? The least people will change party lines for their kid's education. It's one of those that's causing, there's two new splinters in the democratic party. We're like, we need to accept vouchers. We're getting crushed, right? We're losing All are minority voters because we're being too rigid on public schools. And so there's a huge, for 2026, there's gonna be a huge splintering on that dimension because of this. And it basically comes down to if you're a parent or a non-parent. There's a large set of non-parents who are like, fuck that, who cares? Let's focus on, let's support public school better. And there's parents who are like, so, open schools, have kids in it, and you're awesome. I was talking to some people from, I was at Possum Kingdom on Fourth of July, and I was talking to a lot of typical parents about what we're doing. They're all super excited, because they love football, and they love basketball, and stuff like that. They want their kids to have this kind of school in a town with a lot of open schools. If you're going to open it, it's going to be great. Now my brother-in-law in Victoria, he loves frickin' Victoria Hawk. He's like, my son could start hitting his golf. My son could start hitting balls at noon. How do I get this shit? Like, it's just wrong. It's night and day, right? So just, oh, great product, open it up, right? Now it's going to be awesome. But you're going to have hay, Ride the Hague, right? Ride the wave. But this is how you can establish yourself as the biggest brand in Texas education, right? This is the opportunity, right? Alpha's captured the high-end private school narrative, and that's all, right? We're just constantly being talked about, good or bad, right? You guys in Texas need to be that, right? Fucking Texas Sports Academy, thousands, It's insane, right? And the politicians are like, man, you have two bad kids out of those thousand schools, and you guys are just going to be crucial. And you're like, well, yes, they will use that data point. You can't have perfection. But I'm pretty confident that the other will carry the day. No, I don't know if you saw with Alpha, we have the Brownsville family, Jessica. She's now written three sub stacks on how McKinsey is terrible. She was pre me taking over, and she liked old Alpha and doesn't like AI tutor Alpha. And she's three sub stacks in to explaining why Alpha's terrible. And you can't make every kid successful. There will be customers who it doesn't work for, and they will be unhappy. It's kind of interesting, because you don't really hear as many parents talking about school districts that have F scores, A scores, and stuff like that. So it's super interesting. I think making more parents aware of their school or the public school? Yeah, there's some parents who care about that, but like on my podcast, I was like, look, I'm like being a public school superintendent or head of school is an impossible job because your parents don't agree on what the product should do as a product guy. They want two different things, exactly opposite things. So I'm like in Texas, in Austin, we have like three failing public schools, right? Fs for five years. Kids aren't learning, eighth graders can't Read, right? And so the superintendent comes in and is like, look, we're gonna close these down and move you to schools that are good, because AIC does have good schools, right? And we're gonna move them. And the parents are literally protesting around the frickin' school. Do not shut this school. They know what's in it. And they're like, I don't care because my older daughter went to this school and the seventh grade teacher, I mean, maybe she doesn't teach math, but she sure helped my kid. And I want my son, my younger son, to go through that experience. Or, well, this school they can walk to. And I don't want to, the other one's farther away. And so just, you know, the bundle, the product bundle that parents want, it's just, it's hard. And F schools are, you know, go Read, if you want to really, you have to go Read all the Houston stuff. I mean, Houston has had the best turnaround ever. They just published a couple of days ago their second year So Max Myers, Miles, Max Miles, Houston has failing school district. The state took it over. Evil state, right? Abbott's taking it over. He appoints Max Miles in charge. I mean, this guy's getting death threats. Like go Read every article in the Houston Chronicle written about this guy, the Texas Tribune. I mean, it's like, he's evil personified, right? I mean, he is worse than the most evil Billy, this guy. And one year later, so he did it, this was two years ago. One year later, he took F schools to A Like he took our academic performance that we can deliver and he did it without apps. Now they have to be in school for six hours and stuff, but he is delivering outstanding academic performance. Results. Crushingly good. He uses learning science. He has to retrain all the teachers to give direct instruction, right? Just, like, take what we do and make it a hundred times harder by giving it, right? Because you don't have an app. And crush it. End of first year, more protests. Lori needs to be fired. He's the worst human alive. We're fucking everything up. Parents petitioning it. They They started an attorney general investigation for corruption and fraud to try to get him kicked out. Four days ago, second year, no Fs took the worst school district that was taken over. No schools are F-ed, all of Houston. There is not another inner city freaking school district in the country that does it, and he did it. It in just two years. Like it's the best turnaround of a public school district in American history. And if you go Read the Houston Chronicle, right, today, the story is not, oh my God, we were so wrong, he's awesome. Right? They're like parents unhappy, blah, blah, right? Turnover among all time high, because he's firing if they don't fucking deliver, right? Just all this stuff. And you just have to recognize that, right, the community and what they want, right? One of the things that the Houston Chronicle's point is, he doesn't listen to the community. And the community wants him not to fire teachers. And he's like, I'm firing teachers who don't Teach. And they're like, no, keep. He's like, I'm closing, I'm Read, right? It's just, but it's just what do you want, right? And so anyway, you just, you're going to run full on into that, right? Now, the difference is. I never knew who Max Biles was, and now I know everything about all his teaching and all the stuff because. He gets a lot of press. For good or bad, right? No, there's a, there's a Twitter thing you should look on about this.

2:32:02 - Unidentified Speaker
This isn't, ah.

2:32:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Here.

2:32:05 - Unidentified Speaker
He was a ranger in the army.

2:32:11 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, he was military. No, like, if I wanna do inner city schools, I'm gonna give this guy two hour learning and we're gonna fix every inner city school in America. Like, right? Except the only reason it worked is that the local school district did not have a vote. It was taken over by the governor. So you need to be in a red state where the governor wants school reform because the teacher unions all voted against it. They hate them. Right. It just. Here, I'll send it. Yeah, people seem to think what's best for the teachers is best for the students.

2:32:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Right, because great schools is great teachers.

2:32:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. And, and they're like, if the teachers say it, Right? So I just sent it, but you can just Read the stuff about it. But anyway, we're just gonna open. The only answer is open grade schools, deliver three kids, make it awesome. And you'll get through the hate. He's winning people over. You think he'd want everybody over and it's like the greatest thing ever, but I don't know. There'll be. Yeah. No, that person who thinks we're ruining AISD. I don't know how we ever win them over because the better we do. Right. Just the frame of reference. And be like pure emotion, no like fun. And so it's great. It's great. No, and just being out there and just, this is where you need to be transparent and non-defensive and this is what we're building and hey, if it's not for you, it's not for you, right? School choice. People should be able to pick and hey, your public school is for you. Like when I was talking about the superintendent, I wasn't like, it's so fucking stupid but all these parents, you know, don't want to close the school. I mean, even if I think that, right? I'm like, guys, the parents don't want it. And if your job is to listen to the community, you don't close the school, right? Now the problem is half parents want academics and the other half don't. What do you do? Right? Democracy, right? I mean, this is how it all gets figured out. But if you're a superintendent, man, that's, you know, I get some jokes. To win jobs, right? And, you know, Max Miles is just like, I'm not going to listen to you. I'm here to deliver according to the law of the academic outcomes. And he's crushing it, but he's getting all the community hate because he's ignoring it. He's like, that's not part of the law. That's an opinion. Here's what the law says. And this is why I'm in charge of school district. But what's going to happen is he's going to run it for two more years, I think, or something. And he's going to turn it over back to the community. And they will undo everything he did. If you look at all school reform across the US, the big inner cities all get reformed because there's some magical superintendent. And then as soon as that superintendent leaves, they revert back. Like even, like that movie, Stand and Deliver, you know, the famous one, right? As soon as he left, right? No more.

2:36:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
And so the standard for which a state can take over a public school, that's determined by the state legislature?

2:36:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Or, yeah, okay. Yep, and every state has what their standard is now. With the unions doing, here's the debate in So they're taking the Texas STAR test away. It's too hard. So they can lower standards. I mean, really? That's your solution to everybody failing is just, well, make the test easier. And so that's what they're doing. Now, the trade-off politically of why the Republicans are doing it is because they wanted school choice. And they're like, well, if you care about standardized test results, just leave your public school. So that was sort of their trade-off. But I mean, if you're in a public school now, literally, they got two things. They got school choice and they got, right now you can sue to stop your bad grades from being published. So that's why all these grades are like delayed three years. So like, Texas hasn't released school grades, whether you're an A or an F, for three years. They just released them because there's all these lawsuits. And so the trade they made is we're a new school choice, and you can't sue not to show the grades. So the public schools always have to show the grades. And in return, we'll give up Texas Star and make it a normative test instead of a criteria mastery test. So, give it a poll. School choice is a good trade, as long as it stays. Crazy though. Great, I'm glad you guys are open. So exciting. Right? Which one's the best one? Which one do you like best?

2:38:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
I like Samy.

2:38:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I think we all have your own favorite. And so we all have our favorite. Yeah. So lines lines. Yeah. Yours is probably the baseball. Yeah. Houston. So where is it again? Baseball USA. And where is that? That is in Houston. What part of Houston? Right between KD and downtown Houston. So yeah, it's like, God is a very nice facility. We realized that. Yeah, I know that video was like, Whoa, yeah, there's a lot of folks that are just empty during the day. Yes. No, when you go through, like rural Texas, right, here's driving through, you're like, holy shit, there's a baseball field. I mean, there's so many sports facilities that are empty. Also, there's all freaking empty. Right? All the basketball courts, everything. No, everything. It's just, it's, it's like the greatest, I mean, if you could get access to those, right? Yeah. And no, I always look at them like, oh, it's a public school. Okay. They're not going to grant us access, but there's a ton of non-public. Okay. Right. Yeah. I think turning every parent into a champion and having them with the data that they need to go into the haters is really helpful. Right. And what I found to be helpful at at baseball school is the person who's running most of it. She has a groupie with all of the moms. And every single day she's sending photos of it. And so I think that's, I think that we'll try to recommend our other coaches to keep all the parents always involved. Exactly. No, I'm told. Keeping the parent, activating all the parents, right? And sending out info and data, facts, right? So like we used to not, like we are taking all these posts that are going it's Facebook account and making sure they go on the, whatever, parent square or whatever the app is that the alpha parents use, right? And so they just see, oh my God, you just want that. And it, seeing other people doing it makes you more likely to go too, because you can jump. It's easier to jump on the bandwagon than start it. And so if you get one parent, you know, And the second part is you should be totally explicit where you're like, guys, you guys got to jump in because this is right. People are worried and scared. Think of how you were on your first day. You're like, does this academic really work? Is this right? This is all different. And you got to make it, you got to help the other parents come on in and just being explicit with the parents. Yeah. Right. And if you want a football team, you need more students. So how many locations are open? Five. Two this week. Three. Three and then two on Monday? And what are the two on Monday? Two basketballs. Two basketball? Where are they located? One in Fort Worth. Fort Worth. Yeah. Yeah. And so he's going to be at a center that used to be a church. Okay. So it's pretty great. So you got to be during the day. And so he coordinated a rep share deal with the director of the rec center and be able to get his plans when they got to start off. And so it would be small, but great. And how is tuition as an issue? 15,000 just mentally for the parents. They're like, when I get my voucher, it's just going to be fine. Yeah, sure. They see the value, but we explain, like, say I can at least, I'll get a sporting kit. Yeah. Because you get to sit in athletics. And then sports. Yeah. So it's 15K. And then if you, like, meet this criteria, if you have, like, disabilities or income criteria to qualify for a voucher next year or something this year. Yeah. That they get it. And I go, wow, it's only $500 a month for 10 bucks. It's pretty good. Yeah. I think because at first in our, in our pitch, the coaches were doing, they're saying like 15,000, but then they broke it up like that. And then also. Broke it up in terms of like your only thing, like six months. Yeah. Most of the currency, like, Oh, I spend more than this. Right. And so that's, that's what. Baseball, basketball, martial arts so far. You can add some more. And how big can those five that we need to get to based on the current facility. So the martial arts guy is looking for new facilities right now because he knows he's going to be at 120 each year. How many does he have right now? Seven. He's totally doing it. He just needs four rooms. We'll get him the four rooms. Four rooms and time. And then I think From our school, they could probably take like 40 in their current location. They're already looking to find more classroom space. Because baseball, you said, has eight different baseball fields. But it will be for about 30 students. And then your upper funnel stuff, non-Twitter. I've only seen Twitter. How's non-Twitter upper funnel?

2:44:05 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah, we're working on that.

2:44:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So that's, that's my main priority. We got the dashboard, we're tracking views.

2:44:10 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

2:44:10 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Right now we're doing like a mentor program. So basically just finding college athletes and telling them to post informative content. It's similar to like trivia posts. Yeah. But like teaching like what they would want their middle school and high school self to know about training and then just get a bunch of them and pop them in a post and pop it and that's it.

2:44:30 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
What kind of content is there around the presidential physical fitness stuff? Is that, I haven't, I saw something, but I never dove into it. Is it a high standard? Is it super lame? Yeah, Trump signed the EO, so they haven't released specific details yet, but it's great because it's way more aligned.

2:44:49 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So previously they had the fitness, they had the presidential fitness, so that was focused on excellence, right? And then the top, I think it was the top 10% get the sealed approval. And then they transitioned away from that to make it more to avoid insulting people with the fitness ground. And now they're going back to the standard of excellence.

2:45:09 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So it really matches with our duty as a center. And it's pretty cool because it's finally going to be like a, so we have the national, the standardized test for academics. Now we have a standardized test for physical fitness. And so we can say like, it's two times better at physical fitness. And so it'll be very Because other than that, before that, we would have had to just make up our own metrics. And then it wouldn't be like, we're so lame, not every student should. Great. Good. Awesome. We still have sports-specific ones, but like, it's great. Yeah. No, that's nice. Right. All our kids are top 10%. Total. Yeah. We're getting quickly to top 10%. Yeah. What's great is that more data keeps coming into these sports. Baseball, 30 years ago, didn't mark today. Web stats, but now they really do want to work on their sprint speed for space, right. As well as other like speed that really matters. So you don't track that. Great. What else, any other questions?

2:46:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So back to the comptroller, um, we submitted the proposal for tiger wallet. And we put down 10 million out of 25, assuming we get like one in five or like one in three and then share with the other ones. The comptroller is right now thinking tentatively that they will accept process applications through December, one month. And they're asking for us to come up with a better timeline if we have one. So we can suggest, you know, January, February, whenever we want. So we want to ask you what would be the best time to have the 30 days for applications that we could suggest. So somewhere like private schools, you said, you mentioned like January that they apply in. So maybe like January, February, I think December is too early for school next year, but What are they asking?

2:47:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
They're asking a better timeline.

2:47:10 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So they want the applications to run through December, the 30 days for the ESA vouchers, which is like in a couple We're saying yes. And we're saying it should be closer to the school year, start of the school year so that parents have more time to, you know, think about what school they want to enroll in.

2:47:39 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Can we ship and do disassembly? We can't, I mean, the issue you have is it's It's going to be oversubscribed. They're going to sell out the building, even if it's in December. Here's your competition. Here's how your competition's thinking about it. I already have a working system. All these new upstart people who are trying to build one, they're going to want more time. I'm going to make sure the controller understands, the comptroller we should do this in December. And the only reason they're pushing it out of December is because they're fucking on death.

2:48:23 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I see the optics of it, but the mood is at least that the competition itself, judging by the questions they ask, they also want more time, not for themselves, but perhaps for the parents.

2:48:35 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
That's the, at least. I'm sure they're savvy enough not to say I'm incompetent. I can't deliver it in December. Think of the parents. Right.

2:48:43 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
As far as the applications, the application system, it should be pretty straightforward. We should be able to ship by December. So you can just go with December then. By the way, we were...

2:48:54 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
How does it affect whether you win or lose based on the month you pick?

2:48:59 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
It doesn't affect whether we win or lose, but it affects that the comptroller will ask us what timeline we want. And we just wanted to... I was genuinely thinking of the thinking of the software. I was just like if it's better for the parents we can say January. And why is it better for the parents? Because it's closer to the school year.

2:49:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So like all these parents want to do apply in December and you're like screw that up.

2:49:27 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So what we were initially going to suggest is we're going to have like a rolling application window instead of just 30 days.

2:49:35 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So parents yes. Okay that's That's a different answer than pushing the date out.

2:49:39 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So we were thinking we will have what we call pre-approvals for a couple months, especially for disabled kids. The IEPs can take 45 days, and they have to go to a public school and get the tests. So we were thinking we can have an approval date of 32 months, and then one month for the official applications. And we can push the official applications to January to February or something like that.

2:50:05 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
from November to February, but the official dates are January to February. My gut feels to win a tenure, right, is, he is, delivers as quickly as you can so that they can't eliminate. I think we should have applications in June. Someone could be like, oh, they want to do it in June. That's too late. And cut you out. Versus, I want to do it in December. Oh, that's as early as anybody. Probably can't cut because then, naturally, it could be January, February, or March, or April, or May, or June, right? And so if you push your date out, you run the risk that you set yourself up for them to say.

2:51:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Yeah, that's a good point. Right?

2:51:18 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And they don't give it back, right? Yeah. You're not in charge of the decision of the application process, right? So, I wouldn't, in any kind of our contender, you're not trying to figure out what's optimal, you're trying to figure out how do I not get eliminated. You have to realize your competition is somebody, you know how much the comptroller is raising? $15 million. How much do you think is your competition? Right. Have you sat down with chat GPT and said, what's it like, What do you have to do to win a state tender? And when you look at the other states where your competitors have won, what did they Yeah, we, we, I did, but I've obviously not done the suggested steps of like going and donating.

2:52:23 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Right. And so I'm just saying back to winning against all this complexity.

2:52:27 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Right. Now I have a relationship with them now and all this stuff, but you guys need to sit there and be like, we, you have to deliver, right. All your competitors are like, we have working software, we'll turn it on. What do you want, Texas, that really makes it good for you? When will you get to the point of, sure, it works, it's scalable, here you go. And how are you going to convince someone on that guy's team that you can handle a billion dollars a month? Have you shipped to production yet?

2:53:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Well, we have an MVP, but we can't do the whole thing because they haven't given the specs yet and they want to, so they're taking much more of the load themselves rather than giving it out, keeping it pretty close to the chest. So even the application form, they want to sort of build together with the organization. So they won't let you just like build out the software yourself.

2:53:29 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I understand. And so back to all that stuff, right? You're going to get the specs late. Everybody else was like, I have a proven system. Yeah. Right. And so every delay, on the specs makes you even less likely to win, right? What can you think of that would make your transaction system in production?

2:53:53 - Unidentified Speaker
What can I think of

2:53:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:53:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Do you handle all of their payments? Do you handle all the parents of Alpha School, this nationwide chain. Yeah. Right. What shows that you have transaction volume in production that you can point to that makes people think, oh, this stuff works. It's good. Right. EduPay concepts. Right. And I just build a little adapter for Texas because that's what all the other states are doing. Right. All the guys are in production. Oh, I have this whole working system and this little shim adapter. No problem. Do you have that for all the other stuff? Right. When are you going to be in production handling payments and volumes? Right. Right. And getting that in and going so that when you have a reference, who's your reference? Right. So I will be trying to get into production. As fast as they could, and look at their spec as a shim that connects to your system, right?

2:55:18 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I think one thing we can offer, well, not right now, we don't have the nonprofit status right now, we just applied for it. It takes a couple of months, but we're thinking of starting to accept donations as an SGO and just handling those transactions first, small ones, and then just to show that we can handle transactions.

2:55:46 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Great. Right. Back to building the system. You're trying to build this as a scalable system that's not a one-off for Texas. Right. So build it and get that hooked into things. Right. Get that going. Yeah. Right. You don't want Texas to think, I'm the only first and only customer and you're just, why aren't you in production? You're like, well, I'm waiting for you is always a bad answer. Right? Yeah, I'm going live. It's all fine. Right?

2:56:15 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So in terms of the timeline, we were supposed to demo like last week, but the comptroller was just pushing the dates because they can't make it. Time either. Correct. So it's going to be tight, but those dates are going to keep pushing.

2:56:34 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Right. Right. I would be focused on how do I get into production outside of waiting for the contract? Right. If you tie yourself to their dates, you're going to wake up and it's too late. Yeah, it's too late. And it's just if you're the He's not technicals, right? He's an ex-politician. I mean, he is a politician. He was a state representative, right? And he's just going to sit there and be like, I don't understand all this shit, right? And your competitor's like, I'm in production at four other states. I got it. And you're under tight timelines and they keep delaying here. Just use my safe system. Oh, that startup? What, are they a vibe coder? Here, let me send you an article on how vibe coding does it. And every time your team talks to them, you're like, well, I'm just waiting on you guys. Right? That's not going to work. Right, you should be like back to the payment system and all itself. Wouldn't it be awesome if by Labor Day we shipped a hundred for a hundred or one of these video games and for 10,000 families were paying a hundred bucks a month for it through your system. Right. Yeah. And you're like, we're going to sign up. I got it working. All we have to do as soon as your stuff, it's really easy. Look how easy it is for parents. If we do that, maybe, maybe that, to check out Vegas. If we do that, maybe then we could check out Vegas. Vegas. Yes, that would be awesome. I would love Vegas. Ship to production. And that applies to all boundaries, ship to production. Right. Yeah, yeah. The overall bounding message is just ship stuff to production guys. Right. I have to go back to Surprise. I thought by the you guys would be shipping stuff to production, right? And it's obviously we're not there yet, right? This is not a team yet who has AI wrangled and mastered where you can ship stuff to production. So it'd be awesome if by the end of August, you guys are all really good at shipping to production. And maybe it's GPT-5, I always call it strong, but or GPT 4.1, maybe we need CLOG 4.2, right? Whatever it is, right? Ship to production. And we just, we have to have an organization that does that, right? That's what we're building and, you know, get there and then yes, boom, like victory when we can do that. Victory, gotta do it, right? So, so yeah, get your stuff shipped. Into production anything that's not production right it just doesn't right they have tons of problems with their schools I'm sure there's 15 issues right we shipped to production I don't have fucking any english lessons because the content wasn't shit but I got all the other stuff in two hours a day they're learning like transitive he's fine but right get it in and then we'll get the next bread right How was launch? How was the software? Yeah, right? Exactly, right? But... Samurai math is working, so. Just guys, one of the things you always have, like the ALF kids, they're like, they know, it's like, I don't have the AP. I have some of the APs that aren't done. Like guys, it's 47 hours. Like, fuck, I'll send it to you in January. I mean, we'll do it before then, but like, right? But first of all, the kids have to understand that. But then you test them, and you're like, dude, you're in third grade. Stop talking AP. But you got to ship, and then we got to just be good. Back to my hierarchy, we got to ship SAS software to production with AI, high quality test suites, right? We're going to see the time back platform and apps. Then on top of that is content. You got to ship content, right? Educational content. Then on top of that, we got to ship AAA video games. TikTok caliber content. Engaging content. Addictive. 100 facts per, facts, ideas, and concepts per I committed that I said I hate to talk about this, but it's coming. Right, I'm like we're going to have a tick tock stream that's going to, you know, Stanford to get one to five facts per hour. In Stanford lecture, we're going to have 100 facts per hour. Tick tock like interface. It's coming. Not 2025, it's coming. Right, but that's what we have to get, and then we need to be able to As soon as you guys have that, we want to be able to go public and say, the gauntlet guides, right? They became, and now these are the AI coders focused on education work, right? You're about to see this endless stream of apps, boss maps, right? Cool, we'll get to work.

3:02:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Awesome.

3:02:43 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I'm gonna go head down and see how the high school kids are doing. So Benjamin's, they're all in. So they have video crew. Benjamin, it's all video game. Every six hours, they kick somebody out. So they built, so we sat down with them last. So 6 p.m. To midnight on 6 p.m. Friday, It's midnight on Sunday. So we're gonna run these all year. And basically I have my own guide. So I have 12 students who are mine at Alpha High, and they're sort of like the guinea pigs. And so we run it, figure out what works and doesn't work. And then we're gonna have a contest to have a thousand kids in Austin, a plump high school kids apply to do it. And so for them, I was like, Your life skill is storytelling. So you guys figure out a story, because I mean, hackathons are the most boring thing in the world. How would you make hackathons interesting, like a deep, MrBeast-like challenge that when people watch it, they're actually going to watch it, right? So Sloan's like, OK, we're going to make this like Love Island, and we're going to have, you know, all. And so they might have watched Love Island, but they have this whole thing and video set up off screen. When you get it. And they're like, every six hours. So Benjamin, basically, last night at 11. So they started at six at 11 o'clock. He made everybody go in and he's like, you have 20 seconds of my attention. And you have to earn any second beyond that. Give me your elevator on your video game because they're doing their vibe coding a video game to production. And the winner is going to be the one who gets the most users. And so, you know, and so then they filmed them all. And then, you know, at 1130 or midnight or sorry. There's an 11 at 11 o'clock, he's like you, you lose. You're the worst. You couldn't keep my attention. And so he's out now. They then decided. Hey, let's create a loser's bracket. And so he's on the loser's bracket. And every six hours, they're gonna kick somebody else out. And that whole team can submit a game. So we'll see if they're really good teamwork, because everybody's gonna fight over what video game should be inside. And so they have all that going. And Elle was like, I don't even know how to code relative to somebody else. But I sure know how to use an audience. So I'm going to use my audience to build a Love Island style game. So we have like the people with audiences leveraging that. We have some of the boys who are like hardcore gamers who are like, okay, my game is so fun. I just want to play. So, but the whole, the whole theme as can we build great content that gets high schoolers super engaged? And take all the good ideas and have the high schoolers basically. All right. Awesome. Sure. Yeah, these guys mentioned software, and I guess the Dash team, the student view. The current time that you got Dash being used, I mean, permission to repeat your quote about why you guys aren't using it. Out, like, yeah, we just like they were embarrassed to show anyone the studio's version of time that we got back in spirits working. But I mean, every day and he gives us a new thing. But it's like a waste of time. So we'll get like the 90% framework or whatever we've done this weekend for him. But yeah, honestly, then we need to switch to the time that batch right that helps us because then we're getting parallels causing issues with us fixing the database to pull 6,000 extractors, you know, selling of Why doesn't Andy think it's a better product? Andy, honestly, if you ask him right now, I hope and say he's a better product. I honestly, I don't know. Like there are features in there that don't exist. And the issues are honestly the same forms of just how they used to be. So I really don't understand. Okay. So you should be able to articulate why Andy Montgomery. We do it every day. And what does he say? He's like, we fixed this Well, I mean, the same bug might exist in K-Suite, or it's a feature that doesn't even exist on K-Suite. So, I mean, I guess we can get to being 100% bug-free, but there are bugs that exist at all. There is no GuidesView on TimeBatView on K-Suite. Like, that's like a huge hole. Right. I understand the concept of... So, what What does Andy articulate as why he wouldn't put it in production? You're like, it's obvious it should be in production. Andy deals with this every day. Parents, guides, kids. So when I call up and I leave here and I say, Andy, they're like, it's fucking obvious and you're a goddamn moron for not putting it in production. Leave? If he's a fucking moron for not doing it, why aren't you putting it in production? What will he say? He will say that is that the last time they showed me on the daily meeting, there was a bug with the leaderboard showing non-students. OK, well, and our response to that was, well, there is no leaderboard on the studio version. And the reason why there are non-students, because we don't have permission from them as they're building in parallel. So like, that's where we've arrived at the point It's like being beneficial to officially. That's it. That's going to be the only example he's going to get. I mean, I'll check notes from the last week, but there might be like one additional book. There was like two main books last week. I promise. Okay. And do you know what you have to fix to go into production? Yes, absolutely. And so he thinks, so you think tomorrow you're going to ship something? Yeah. I mean, and you're going to he's going to say it's going to go into production? We'll convert on the goals feature, which is separate to static, like the last we pushed out. Oh, absolutely, yeah. I can say that full stop. OK. I promise you he's not. Back to the good things. Just so we can clean things up. I understand it would. It's just he has to make the decision of whether it's better or worse. Right. And so and There's nobody who wants your shit into production more than Andy Mahmud, on every principle. He wants all your shit into production. And he wants to get off AA Studios as quickly as he can. And so he's your biggest champion. So if he's not doing it, it's what is the understanding, being very clear, because he's happy to meet with you every day, to be like, here is what I'm looking for so you can go into production. And if you guys get out of one of those meetings, don't know what it is very clearly, right? And you can repeat back to him this insane requirement he has and say, you are saying for a feature that doesn't exist, that it has to do X, Y, Z, even though I do all the other stuff equal to or better, you don't wanna go into production. And get him to articulate, yes, because, whatever that because part is, so you understand, right? And if you guys totally feel he's insane and I need a mediation, I'm super happy to step in and be like, okay, that's ridiculous. One is that based on what you're saying, it just seems that Andy wants something that's 100% polished and not 99.9% polished. The second thing is that, like, I guess the ASU version is, like, working, right? So we have a bunch of additional features, and so he doesn't want anything to break. But right now, it's hard for us to know if things will break, because we don't have, we only have the strategies. And we can't think of things. So that's all I can say. But, I mean, Andy's not insane, so he's giving us very good advice. Yeah, it just back to what the thing you should ask, right back to the book. And I do know he's close. He's like, Oh, Dash is getting close. He told me so. Right. He believes getting close. Just say, what's the punch list? Give me the things that make you want to cut over. Right. Because back to this whole thing, you guys can run in peril. You're a dashboard. You're not actually doing Read, write, argue. Okay so we're not doing the rewrite that's aging they can develop right the issue is that we are all like all the apps that are all using the production database not the stage right so there are over 6 000 user records for example there's just one and so there only should be like less than a thousand total users there's a lot of bloat and then our app has a full guide the guide experience there's stuff so everyone's become bad they didn't tell us the Like, that's a huge issue for us. It took us, like, you know, one step forward, two steps back. So, like, you know, Andy's like, he did, we did get him to admit on the meeting, like, three or four days ago, like, yeah, that was a blunder by the studio. But you guys shouldn't worry about it. It's fine. We're willing to do that. But it's solely in our status. And I think it's making for a worse problem. Like, we want people to use Dash because as an online contest, it is significant. Sorry, I'm just can't there be dash and mash. And I literally just go mash.timeback and dash.timeback. There are two separate websites. The issue is that everyone is using one Rasp database. So anything they change in one Rasp changes for us too. Anything they add is added for us. Anything we delete, that is the current issue. What's the issue? So just for example, user accuracy, which affects performance. If we delete 5,000 users that they want to use to test for the method, then they'll get one less. So we've been going back and forth with that on Slack and via Epoch, but this is the kind of issue that arises. You're like, here's what I heard and tell me what's wrong. Our scalability handles 1,000 people, but not 5,000. So we have to delete the 5,000 to go into production. No. One roster, and time back as a result, has a 5,000 user query limit for a lot of searches. That's something that's always one roster for one attack. And so there are 6,400 user entries for, I mean, from our perspective, show reason. And another thing is, we are testing our guide experience. We wake up one day, all the guides have become apps. For our app, that is a massive difference in terms what you see, what you're able to do with the app. For them, it makes no difference because they don't even have a guide. So those are the kinds of things that are causing issues for us. If we got the green light on cleaning up the user records, deleting duplicate users, replacing admin with guide for the appropriate users, that would help us a lot. So seeing some of the things that they may see that are issues would probably go well if we were able to solve it. So what we'll talk to on Monday. Yeah, just talk to them on Monday. Understand like he wants to get you guys into production as fast as you can so if you're like here is give him that say here's the three things that right you know the only thing of all the things you've said I'm like are you really that scalable at 5 000 versus 1 000 matters I understand the permissions and shit but really it's sort of sus so I mean that doesn't pass the, that's why. If I could go delete some data, then I can go into production, because otherwise it's too much. I understand permissions with guides. Okay, that's all fucked up. I mean, but once goals is done, we can go into production, even with the 6400, right? Great. Great. So you're close. Just get it over. Just sit down with him and be like, get it over. Okay, so I'm being close with you, right? This is not Angus' fault, I think it's our fault, but we didn't even know we needed goals in data. He didn't even know we need motivational models to be integrated into the Azure backend. So that was like just in the last five days. And that's because we were going off the stretch, which wasn't, maybe didn't have a full spec. If we're down a week, a week is like, yes. Uh, get it into production and get it. And if Andy is totally alive to get excited, it's in production, it's in production closed. I'm sorry. Right. You guys use that. Sure. What? Yeah. Roughly guys. It's not like education. Yeah. Great. No. So I love that it's in production for them. And what I'd love to be able to tell. Alpha guides is go to match.timeback.com, dash two, better dash, super builder dash, right, or whatever. So yeah, we got to, right, there's always a cutoff, right? We're going to have the same thing with platform, right? You got to make decisions. When's it good enough to cut off? It's going to be like, where's my test suite, right? Where's the money? Am I sure this is really good? And fundamentally, if you're Andy, your point of control is production. So put a Read-only dash slowly. Great, awesome. Okay. I don't know if that's what I wanted to show. These are all the vectors. Yes. And then like we just there's two paths we have first and this is the other one where it starts, you know, here. No onboarding request, just ask what you want. And as you get back to this, like this, get dressed. And once we get to your school, we want you to plan for vacation and all that. So it means that we have to keep the difference between each of these two modules, please. Can you Read it, please? I have to go, I got to go back, because I think I'm going to let this, uh, I like more time about it. Yeah. So it was time to go out. So, and then there's a little bit. So, but so yeah, that's sort of a pocket. It's a scoreboard car that there's, there's sports. There's brought it like, I think that's Napoleon's marketing. Just have a vision of, it's like, you do your podcast, they go to timeback.com. Yeah, well, the issue I have is, when you go to timeback.com, I want to have, like, a whole bunch of corrupt apps, not just, like, in fact, there's Right. And then there's the time back. Right. Right. That's the way it is. Like, what's the role of the project? All the chemistry questions were fixed with the stuff that was bullshit. You fixed all the chemistry questions, like, annually. How'd you find them? What about all of the IP? I'm like, yes. Part of our issue is that all of the IP were not wrong. And so what I love is, you know, how do we call it? Sports cap. So back to, if I'm going to type that website, I want to, what's my, what do I want to do? I want to, and then I want, and I'm just building these like individual products, right? One day a week or whatever. You might want to update these things like that, and so you don't want to give it that physical swoop. That's okay. Right. You want to choose them. Today, I'll just point that. All right, all right. It's alpha in. Yeah, it is. So alpha in, where a figure is also all So what I would be talking about, like science, you know, you know, right. Is, I guess. If you're coming in and you're trying to do a decision tree, you're sort of like, what's your top most decision you've asked? There's one. So, one, just for the time being, I'm coming in and my job is to educate all content. There's nothing else. There's the learning science. How are they learning science? And so I want to learn. I want to learn. And so you're like, well, what parts are you going to be able to do? Like, how does reading work? How does math work? Whatever, right? So you're just, you're, that's one path. The second path, you're like, I want to use it. One is, where are you located? Is that sort of drive up, right? And so, you know, we can find location, right? And we think you're here, change it or not, right? So once I have the location, you're like, the closest time back school, right? You either want a physical school, right? Once I know location. To it, right? So it's either this time or it's location. Yeah, we don't have to be like reactive. I think it sounds good.

3:25:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
I already gave the initial one.

3:25:19 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I wanted to give, because I wanted to call them out. You want to like standard stuff. It's working. And it's not just learn about confidence. That's sweet in place too. You know, four miles away. Or, here's these other things. Since there's no physical location, there's not. Right. What are the tablets? Well, they don't exist right now. That's right. But they're going to be out there. There's going to be a set of Right. It's like, that's what happened. Whatever it is, all of the, all of these products were supposedly bills. You should be able to, right. And then you like, okay, so here's all six. And then how old is it? Right. Like, oh, I want third grade match. You're right. So you're, you're trying to, you're trying to either, you're trying to educate them on crushing academics in two hours, or you're then trying to get them over the two years. I kind of don't want to ever Read again. And even if you're like, right. And you, even if you're a field, that's all. Yeah, that's not how it ended up. That's not how it ended up. It's in the podcast. I said it at the end of the video. And it's, you know, if we're not going to ask, I mean, the real answer is if we don't have a bunch of apps, you know, the next two weeks, but then the answer is, right. It's just like, just keep, just keep your landing page. Um, It's not because everybody knows they want to go to the alpha website. We want to be able to talk about websites and talk about ads. Educate parents about two hours, or then January, physicals are issued. So if someone needs to find that possible, Yeah, so we have unfounded savvy. Ivy's got unfounded. She's old. Right, like if you're an entrepreneur, and let's say you're an entrepreneur, you don't really have information to populate. Right now, it's $10,000 off sale. Right. Until we get this time back. Stuff doesn't super build or tune back. Sorry, me, there's only some all the new stuff. It's lower. It's a shift. So I can say, oh, it works now. It's $5.00. Someone's like, oh, I'm going to school for $3.00. 4,000 plus people to arrange and I sent you the recommendations. They're completely boring. They're great. I'd love to follow up with you and throw a lot of bad advice at you. It's just that you break on the tongue and not be certain. Right. That's what I'm bringing with me. What are they using? Are they calling me? Now, if you want to do it, you should be able to lower people's pay. But if you weren't that strong, you'd get a lot less. And so that's generally what I think. So I'm going to take care of it. Like, all these people are like, fuck Joo, I'll come to school with you if you make your 5th grade. Or not 10th grade. I don't know. You're making 5th grade? Because I'm not. I just wanted to try it. Like, the only ones I'm willing to do, is like, therapy stuff. Also, just take a coffee in the afternoon, or whatever. Right? And I don't know how to do it. I didn't say something fine. You don't have to. Yeah, I mean, we have to get it to where we're going to be, you know. And so right now, I'm getting to like, well, you're not as ingrained into all this. If you're already here at Penn, then not as, and hopefully, once you get a degree, the second thing you try, you know, the cost structure, I don't want to run into it right now. We didn't do schools at five yet, because a lot of students in high schools didn't have one yet. So it's, I don't know. I mean, I don't know. Right, because they might have their students, and that's another thing that folks might see. Is there any repository of Cambridge majors? So basically, it's like some of the LLMs just have to have like a bench, and then it's just all the data so we all like answer questions like if someone's wondering hey can I open a school and I'm fucking it yeah we have a database that says on improved countries all the u.s so I'm in the u.s is there a like is there a place But back to your thing of the set of whatever the FAQs are, I'm happy to approve a set of facts. Okay, so we can hold it in for me. Okay, so for the September 2nd launch. But you should be thinking of when we should be back to that, you know, if you want to educate the families, right? Always the interface. I think there should be a lot of like these microphones that we just have to set that on and do great stuff. We could set it, but we don't. I think that's something that we need to set up for. So the goal of Skype, we think, should be to have it there, at least for that learning intention. That's one, that's sort of just a part of it. Yeah. The second is, they should be able to then, you know, they're generally, there's quite a lot of comments, right, those of you who are, which depends, some of you get things where they really want you to. I want it, but I don't really want to have it. I mean, I don't want to say, you know, are they necessarily opposed to using a generic lease? So having a website that does that. It's a total. Right. So like that. So like, is this so awful? We want it. It's just right. It's just like all you're doing is they come in. So whenever there's no, there's no API. We want to sell it. I do, but I just have, If you don't even have the one line of production, you don't need to worry about a lot of things. The development side, you're going to be able to use it for a lot of things. Right. It's going to be easier once it's done. One of these video games, people are going to buy the video, I'm supposing. And I can take your name. You're 140 miles away. But yes, we would have to ship it. The site itself was out of this. It was out of S&E. So like, just like, play it somewhere else. That's how it is today. So I found it in Virginia. I jumped on the outside. And what we have today is what's going to happen. We're trying to manage like our website and stuff like that. We are thousands of students, right? And what we need are all the apps built on TimeBack. TimeBack can be a platform. We have any apps built on TimeBack that people can be like, oh, yes, I have a coupon. Like back to packaging up and going to market. We could be like, I'm hearing you right. At this point in time, if you set up two scopes and look at it at 6,000, driving deep so that he's able to see himself, that's how he'll expand to Alpha anywhere in which it also treats psychically. I guess there isn't a short answer, but I'll give it a try. So I'm able to, that's what it does. I'm trying to figure out, so at this point, You know, actually, if we want, we can only fix the login. This one's not changed. Are you sure? Yeah, it'd be like, hey, we fixed it. And actually, you guys should go ahead and build that, right? There's enough data. It's not a... Well, just tell me how big they are. You're like I'm getting people to come so Does everybody here say this is awesome Guys be like I fucking send everybody right Good Yeah, I should be able to beat that boy. So it'll be like, it's just better. I mean, we're customized to where you are, your interests, your kids. What's yours? Yeah. Umbrella. So, we're in New York, so you know. And here's one. I want to be in the film. Here's one. I want to All these concepts you're telling us. Right. I'm trying to ask you a question. Wait, what this says? It's like, it's like, oh my God. But, you know, kids are learning how to get their backs ready. Yeah, I took a building, but it's been flattened out, right, by the time I do go out there and say, oh, it's nice moving home, going back. And this is, like, a munching alarm, which I can't put in the system. And we almost called him a fan at grade level. I was like, where did we, what are you saying, bro? If he ever gets rid of it, it'll be like, dang it. You're like, this is the learning curve. Why is this? Yeah. And you're like, well, since you're a kid, I'm going to switch back into the classroom. Then all of a sudden, they're and it all slows down and you can't help but go ahead with the thought. I got nothing to say about it. I just keep going and go, whoa, whoa, whoa. So then Alpha did learn like this. I mean, I've heard it's a direct shot, but I don't know. It is sort of crazy, so I guess I can say that. Oh, yeah. Right? You learn like this, and everybody falls for it. That's how much I've asked for. Yeah, it's not good. They don't care. Right? You're creating good and tolerant emotions around the system. Yeah, it's not. And whether it be a big deal, Right, the same way he's like, oh, we can generate content. What can they have in general? When you think of artifacts, that actually can be cloud generated, right? You're like, oh, here it is on the website. When you looked at the, you know, we're trying to create, you know, everything on the planet. One, we want to try to see what happens when we put it into a white paper. Now, here's what we should be doing. We'll say something like this sentence in this white paper. Right? Whether it's even easier. You know, back to the concept that I was trying to say is I'm trying to think like, I don't know, I feel like we're the first So, okay, one thing I was playing, but some of the components I had, like, had the content stream it to make it a channel. So it's potentially something people are going to want to do. So what happened was that, you know, it's supposed to be asking to me, and then, well, of course, I've seen the year 60 years, the Polish word for it, right? So I'll say the SAT, right? This is back to the introduction of where the strata got. That's the problem. Oh, is that the influence? I like that. The smarts can blur. You didn't sell that show. It's skipping a question. I've got an explanation, but no, I don't have to feel like you're a customer being my agent and have all this fame. Let's go. Like fucking everybody else. Yeah. Starts back. It's your bits, right? Yeah. What is an LLM towering? Like this is what you do with an LLM. What is it? I can tell you when you talk about a learning scientist, I'm literally like, look, if you know, I have a version where when I have static content, here's the limitation rules. And in 2026, we're going to ship Incept. And it's going to make A, B, C, and D awesome. Oh, wow, that's a lot of static. What are those three things? And you can sit there and be like, wow, the strata guys fucking love it. Just test them. And just be like, wow, yeah, look at that dynamic shit. It's fully awesome. And you don't get smart. I have one where it generates questions in real time. Perfect. There's a chat that just like, oh, play basketball, but I remember, like, you throw the ball harder, it goes further. That's because the initial boss is higher. And so you're probably like, yeah, so test it on there. Have them be like, yes, you know, you're trying to figure out who should, you should ask me, like, I'm not a player, right? It should be, I have a website, Joo, that the strata guys say they don't care, right? Like, after I go to this website, can we get by to our learnings, right? The way combat functions academically, right? That would be my design. One thing Paul was wondering is like, Paul wants to build all-encompassing Archean platforms. Yeah. Okay. I am not the person who breaks one, right? That's a year building, that's the first search of our people, right? It's just a huge one. We're not the right to buy, and there's power to lose. Speak over health marketing, you have to generate leads. So what is your system that generates leads? Yeah. So what part of the grading does that apply to? Do you have a system rates. So if we have a green system, you're like, I could generate a thousand leads for a single person. I could generate fucking, I could fill a thousand students in Texas with my market. Like by December, if I had this system, if we have grade system that doesn't allow you to do that, then you have to have a grade exchange or a grading system. Does it fix it? Sure. So I'm going to follow that same process. So that's the way I see it. So just back to being specific, why can't you generate leads for them? They want leads. Generate leads for them. If you have this great marketing platform, right? I don't care if it costs $0.40 to talk to them. Right? Who cares? Right? They're having to pay tons of money to generate meat. And there's a nice concrete bowl in the jukebox. Like, what's, what am I missing? You're like, I don't want to do that. I want to do something else. I don't understand how a marketing platform that doesn't generate meat. It's right there. They're a private school. So if you can't sell to them, you're not going to convince me to sell something else. You have to I don't give a shit. That's great. Everybody has one. I have one. You know what I'm doing today? And the 20 year shit doesn't matter. I'm giving you, I'm solving your problem. Give them leads. Okay. That's a totally different which is if you're like, I want to teach via VR, then it's not marketing, right? Then I'm going to teach kids educational stuff via VR. Great, go do that, but that's not building marketing. That's a totally different thing. I don't understand what that means. If I teach it to them, I'm going to teach them. So I'm going to teach people content via VR. Okay. Okay. Got that. And you're like, I'm going to teach on marketing. And what is the benefit of using VR to teach that marketing versus any other ones? And if you can't answer that question, then no, don't do a VR, just teach them fucking marketing. If your goal is, I'm trying to teach them marketing. Don't add in, oh, be a VR, it's not necessary. If it's required, total. I can't teach marketing without VR, right? Because VR enables something that's magical that I can't do without it. I'm not looking for you to come up with something. You're not trying to make it harder, right? You're not trying to say, how do I understand, right? You either can teach marketing, right? And if you can teach marketing, don't have the requirement to be awesome, because very few people have fucking to be awesome. And so if you're trying to teach marketing to people, you want to teach them shit. You're like, no, I don't want to teach the alpha kids because I don't fucking have to be awesome. I'm like, I want you to teach most 99% 99% of people want to learn more, so don't have VR. So just teach marketing. And if you put a requirement that VR, man, you have to have a fucking good reason. Besides, I fucking think it's wrong to want to do it. So that's a bullshit reason. Because you've eliminated 99% of your market, right? But if you're like, no, the only way to teach this is VR. That's teaching marketing is not the way to connect kids. Focus on, I'm connecting kids who are in virtual schools, okay? Tons of kids in virtual school don't wanna learn marketing, so do not add in, right? Be clear about what the goal is. You're merging six different things together, and I got seven things, and it's a long kit. Give me one simple, simple, simple thing. Like, I'm gonna generate leads for a school with my marketing plan. I'm gonna create, I'm gonna connect kids who are in virtual school. I'm going to build communities, but I'm not going to teach a fucking marketing because they don't care, right? None of Ivy's kids, right? When you look at Ivy's kids, she's meeting in fourth grade. They're not fucking like, I need marketing, but they need connection, right? Because they're all remote. And so if you're like, I'm going to go build a VR headset app that connects virtual heads and builds communication and socialization, like that one, I love. But then don't add the marketing. Correct, because there's no reason. You're building dependencies in for no reason, right? You're just trying to do all these things you want to do to this thing, and that's terrible. Do you want to be like, pulling are clear, which is my primary goal is to connect kids for work. And that's what I'm optimizing for. Or you're like, I want to generate leads for them. And I'm doing the smart platform that does. Right. And so that's which one? Totally don't care. Whichever one you're like, I'm going to be successful. I can ship the product. Like I see the one with super values, generating leads for them. They want me to want 10,000 leads. Yes, yes. Right? And I promise you, Ivy and all the virtual schools, right? There's 100,000 kids who are virtual. That's for $300 freaking, you know, right? And we had, you know, that was always the thing where that whole Star Trek spot where you're, you have that virtualization. I mean, you're totally right. She's filling it up. And all that stuff. Either one, because it gives the buy or the like, Absolutely. What matters is which is what you're thinking. And then once you have that, then you can do it. Because you're like, no, my real passion is marketing. And I want to build this marketing platform. Then I wouldn't do the VR, right? I'd fail on the VR. Right? That's a cool one-off, but I have 15 products. All right. And so, yeah, get them. The concept of the website of Prime Back is, get some pressure academics in two hours a day, and we need them to go to the website and walk away being, holy shit. I've been edgy. You just got one shot at it, didn't you? Right, and it was cool. That's the LLM. I love animations, I love videos, I love, you know, there is, you know, just explain What if there was like slider or something to like interact that right back to you? All those kinds of things. Like I do a slider of It's like phonics. I feel like most of the time, it's like phonics. Bro, I think that there's a difference. There's a difference. There's a difference. There's a difference or new words that you've literally never seen before. That's cypress. As you're picking it up. As you're picking it all up, there's been ways. Yeah, there's a good amount of that. So it's not been put into the background now, as you go west of Cyprus, but we're picking it up. It's yet to know. Right. How much they did, how much they're trying to do, how much they're trying not to do. All right. Thanks for stopping by. What? Thanks for stopping by. No, I will, I'm, I now have, I was, been busy obviously, but now that school's back in session, I'll be in touch. Hell yeah. So, so you just been, I saw, I think I could, could I could ask you for a quick, short, like there was a prominent person. But no.