No, there's no, I invest in like shitty edtech to try to help the companies and fix them, but no. There's no good edtech investments. Except mine.

But yes, I still... Yes, a good example is like, I'm a huge shareholder of Space Ice. And I'm at 400 billion, they just did a round at 400 billion dollars. And I'm like, oh, I think I want to sell some.

To like fund some schools. Yeah. Because 400 billion, it's like getting... I mean, it's got to go, I mean, it's got to go to a trillion.

He's going to get Starship working, how many years is it going to take? What, do you, do you try to time the peaks and then rebuy again? Well, on things like SpaceX you can't because it's all private. Yeah. So you're stuck. 

You either, you get in, you're allowed to get in and out once every 10 years. When did you get in? Milwaukee. I'm in Milwaukee.

It's why Elon has a school. That school has been paid for by SpaceX, it's a four-shoe. So, I've made over a billion dollars.

Did you ever organize a Tesla? I did. I made a lot of money on Tesla too. I remember back when, same thing, when it was way down, right before the pandemic.

It was like, oh, Tesla's going bankrupt. I'm like, God, these fucking people are morons. Right? And you just load up, and you just read.

When you have conviction, when you just read all this shit, people are like, Tesla's going bankrupt, and Elon's an idiot, and all this shit. Fucking Zuckerberg and Elon are not fucking idiots. They're not.

They're really good business people. And when people treat them that way, you're like, back up the truck. Those are the easiest things in the world.

That's when it's time to buy, right? Like when all the publicity is bad. Correct. That's when it's time to buy.

Now, sometimes it's true, but in those two cases, it's not. There are cases where a company is shitty. But my hardest one right now that I'm trying to keep conviction around is Google.

Because it's getting priced like search is dead. And I'm not a search expert, so I have to spend time learning about it. But if search isn't dead, Google's underpriced.

Because TPUs and its cloud is really bad. Like more valuable than AWS almost. Like it's a race.

I made a lot of money out of AWS or Amazon. And Amazon's had, for 10 years, just a dominant position. But now with GPUs, it doesn't.

And it's only buying. Are all of its warehouses, like data centers, outdated GPUs? Like in terms of like, its GPUs are outdated. They're not outdated.

So what it is, they have 40% market share of the cloud. They're the dominant player. They're only getting allocation from NVIDIA of 20% of the GPU chips.

So all the three hyperscalers, Microsoft, Google, and NVIDIA, and Amazon. They're limited by how many GPUs NVIDIA can sell. And NVIDIA's like, fuck that.

I don't want to have three customers. So it's funding all the core weaves and everybody else. Oracle.

And they're giving just shit tons of GPUs to them. And so literally, as AI gets bigger, Amazon market share in cloud is going to shrink. Now, there's one thing that would be different that I don't personally believe in.

But might be true. Is Amazon has its own chip, the Tranium, that competes with NVIDIA. And Anthropic, cloud, cloud, is all trained on Tranium.

Its own specific chip. And Amazon's like, Tranium 2 and Tranium 3 are going to make up my market share that NVIDIA's not giving. Because the chip, while not as good as NVIDIA, is 20% of the price.

It's one fifth the price. And that's why Anthropic bought it. And it's going to show in cloud as the leading fucking model.

Which it is. It's all based on Tranium. And everybody's going to realize we're right.

And they're going to move their workloads to Tranium. And so, and I'm like, is Tranium that good? Or is cloud just that good? But basically for me, if it turns out that Tranium isn't that good, Amazon's going to get fucked. And its market share is going to go down.

And its stock price is really driven by AWS over the retail business. And so, you're basically, in my world, how big a bet am I willing to bet on Tranium? Back to my spiky point of view. It's not a complicated thing.

If you're buying Amazon stock, you're betting that Tranium is good. And if it turns out it's not good, you're fucked. And so it's just a very simple decision.

And I'm like, I definitely am not. I have too much Amazon. And so I'm selling something.

And I'm like, I don't believe that. And it might be true. It might be true that it's good.

But if I ever read a report that it's not, because I don't have conviction, I'm going to lose faith. Especially at the critical time. And so, versus on Google, the TPU that they have, which is their Tranium NVIDIA competitor, the TPU is awesome.

Right? And OpenAI just started, gave them a billion dollars to start using TPUs, not just NVIDIA. And the Gemini models are really good, all trained on it. So, Google's proven, right? Google has the best AI stack.

Much better than Amazon's. And so, you know, but now the issue with, and so if it's just, so I'm like, Google Cloud's going to go up, and most likely Amazon Cloud's going to go down. And, and so I'm like, oh, I should sell my Amazon by Google.

But I'm like, oh, if search goes away, then you're fucked, because that's like a hundred billion in profit. It just goes away, and the AME Trust is trying to break them off in all this. But if you could call Google right, there's a ton of, there's a potential ton of money.

But right now, I don't have conviction on that. How long have you been making spikey points of view? Like, I'm sure you did it before you got on Workflow, but like, how? Everybody who starts a company, right? If you build a good startup, you have your spikey points of view. Right? It's Peter Thiel's What Do You Believe No One Else Believes.

Right? What Do You Believe No One Else Believes. And if you're starting a company, you have to have a successful company, is grounded. And what you learn after you do what I get from experience, is when you're younger and you're new at it, you try to make it the least spiky you can.

Right? Can I join? Sure. Yeah. It's the least spiky you can.

And as you get older, you realize you're not as spiky. And that's the... Now, is that the right way to do it? Like, obviously when you're older, you experience it just fine. Like, if you were to go back in time... It's better to always go back.

It's always... No. When I became principal, I'm like, we will not allow any teacher, any adult to teach academics. And if I was 22, and I made that decision, I would not make it.

I'd be like, well, mostly, I won't teach academics. Right? Right? But it's really important to be like, no. Right? And draw as hard a line as you can.

And force. Right? And that forces you to be more rigorous when you're trying to disprove it. Well, and it just... You're bending reality.

Like, we had fucking problems the day we started. The fucking apps didn't work, and some kids weren't learning. Right? Whatever corner cases I was thinking of in my head, they were true.

Yeah. But you're just like, we're going to go make them not true. Right? Whatever the issue is.

We're going to make my reality... You create your reality. Right? And you need to create a vision and reality that's true. And you're always trying... And it's far-person disease.

You try to hedge. Right? Yeah. And you learn, no, just go straight on.

Seems like that goes back to what you were saying in the beginning, where it's like, you want to, you know, separate those who are going to evangelize from those who are going to critique. And the spikier you can put that, the harder you draw that line. The harder you draw the line, and the easier it is for you to figure out who's on which side.

Because if you hedge it, then you could get not on either side. Yeah. It's confusing.

So, there was a couple examples. Like, I had a VP, I had a CFO, where my board was, like, when I was a kid, in the 90s. I was in my 20s.

He was there to balance me. Right? So, he was always, you know, doing basically the opposite, to mitigate. Joe's too extreme.

My job as CFO is to mitigate. My head of HR came in one day. He's like, do you know, like, Pat Kelly's on the other end of the boat, like, rowing in a different direction.

Right? And I'm like, yeah, no, the board wants me to make sure that I don't go crazy and I'm too extreme and he's there to balance me. And Jim's like, I don't understand that at all, Joe. I don't understand that at all.

Like, first off, there's not one person in this company who would come, came to this company to work for Pat Kelly. Right? And they came because of your vision and what you are trying to build. And if you're gonna row us right over a fucking cliff and a waterfall, let's get at it and get over the fucking waterfall.

Versus slowly go over it. Let's just hurry up. Let's get there.

If you're wrong, we're all fucked anyway. So, we might as well find that scene. Let's get there.

Like, if your idea is wrong, you want to know now. Yeah. Right? And, you know, and that's more scary.

Right? Which is why when you're younger, you're like, oh, I like this hedging and all these things. But if my school actually needs teachers, then you need to find a way out. Yeah.

Right? And so, you know, and when you have a boat where people are rowing in the wrong direction, you just go in circles. Right? It causes confusion for people. So, you polarize the boat, get the right people on it.

Yeah. Well, Jim's just like, I can fix this in a second. And he walked to the end of the boat and pushed Jim off it.

And put Pat Kelly on it. He's just like, okay, here we go. Fixed it.

Now the boat's going this way. Right? And it's totally true. Yeah.

You want an aligned team. Right? And when, you know, Elon talks about the vector. You get everybody working in the same direction.

And when you have different vectors, which is, you know, when they're not in the same space, you lose momentum. And you need everybody behind it. And so, that's what spiky points of view is it forces it.

It forces it. So spikiness is a function of finding the people who are truly for you and aligning your team? That's the side effect of that. Is that you do it.

Well, your spiky point of view is just the truth of whatever you're going after. Okay. You can, I can build a school that doesn't have teachers.

Kids can learn 10 minutes faster. Then, because I believe that, I'm going to go get people who believe that. Okay.

And you were only adamant about it because, obviously, it was true. Well, you have to have conviction that it's true. And, when you say something's true, it's like mostly true.

Right? Like, it's close enough. Right? Like, nothing's ever 100% true. Sure.

Yeah. Um, but, back to communicating simply and clearly. Right? That's what you want.

And so, that's the, that's the, what do you believe that no one else believes? And it forces you to really be, be clear about, this is what's different. Yeah. Um, this is what's spiky about what I say.

Um, and you just learn the edgier you say it, the better. Like, the quote of, the key to your kid's happiness is high standards. Right? Right? Like, God is not going to give you that.

Like, that's just going to be so much hate. But it's an awesome spiky belief. Because no people believe that.

Yeah. Right? Parents are naturally wired to think the opposite and act the opposite. And so, it's a perfect belief because it attacks, right, a belief, a very strong belief.

But, it's totally true. Right? Now, it's not, you also need high support. You can't just have high standards and you have to have high support, but the saying you have to have high support of kids doesn't mean anything.

Everybody fucking believes that. Every parent's like, yeah, more, blah, blah, blah. You know? And so, saying that or you need high standards and high support isn't good either.

Because it doesn't, right, because then people can attach to the high support side. Right? You're, you know, you're trying to, whenever you're creating your message, you're trying to create it where there's no escape. Right? There's no escape when you hear this.

And, that forces you to, there's no escape. You're like, God, I hate that. And it forces you to be like, okay, I'm in, I'm not.

Right? It's like Elon going to fucking Mars. I mean, really? And it forces you to be like, you're gonna go fucking live on Mars? Really? I mean, but the people should be doing that. Should they? Should they go fucking live on Mars? I mean, I don't think I would have been one, I wouldn't have been on the Mayflower.

Are you fucking kidding me? But there were people, there were a lot of people on the Mayflower. Right? Like half who died. Right? But, you know, it's, it's, that's what you need to do.

Yeah, we're going. So how do you get people on the Mayflower? How do you be so compelling? Because you find the people who want to go on the Mayflower. Okay.

They did before. No, you can totally find the people who want to. Right? There's a set of people who want to go to Mars.

Right? And you don't want me on your team to go to Mars. Like, I'm like, really? Like, you want the fanatic who's like, I'm fucking going to Mars. I'm gonna go live on Mars.

It's super awesome. There are people who wake up and I think that's the coolest thing in the world. Right? And they should be at SpaceX, going to Mars.

Working really hard to get there. Right? The same way like I talk to, where's, this is a big thing. There's another guy and he's just like, he was talking about what he wanted to work on.

He's like, you know, Joe, I hate to do this, but I could give a shit. You know, I could just give a shit. You know? And like, okay, don't be on my team.

Right? But, great guy. But, it's, it's fine what you're doing. So, like, obviously, especially when you hedge it, you lose this effect.

But, especially if you're starting out young in your career, or let's say you have a limited amount of money, Warren's thing is like, you don't want to lose it all. You don't have time. So, like, how do you balance the two? Where, you want to explore the terminal bridge that you still want to be in.

When you're young, you have no money. it doesn't matter. I was going to say, you're going from like, When you're young, you have work and no money.

Yeah. And time and effort. And so, you should just go all in and be spikier than ever.

Right? It's only when you have lots of stuff that you want to diversify. Yeah. Right? I took a CAPM pricing theory class like my sophomore year of Stanford.

And it was taught by the Nobel Prize winner, right? Charlton Poole. Right? CAPM, CAPM. And, you know, which is all about diversification.

You know, it's what all the, you know, 401ks now are based on. And I remember just being in class and like, after three classes, I walked out and I'm like, I don't fucking go to this class. I can't stay in this class.

Because it's all about, you build wealth via diversification. I'm like, I fucking believe the exact opposite. I'm going to put all my money and all my effort into one thing and I'm going to fucking build the company.

And that's what I'm going to do. And I can't sit here and listen to all this bullshit about, like, now, once you have tons of money, really good class to go to, right? But I literally believe the other, I call my dad, my dad's like, really a Nobel Prize winner and he drops his class because he's a moron. I'm like, he's not a moron, he's just a moron for me.

Because I have a completely different point of view. And so, yes, so when you're young it's all about concentration, right, and effort that you want to do. And what your advantage is, is to be spikier, right? You have nothing to lose, you should go as spiky as you can.

Cooley's like a good example of the most extreme of this. You're just like, they're just, they're burning with shit, right? Like, they're just doubling down. Which is exactly what they want to do.

Yeah. I was talking to Eric too, and he was, because he's been advising Cooley actually, behind all this stuff. And it's like, it's fascinating to think about the way that they're going through marketing.

Like, he's taking the Andrew Tate model, which is like, be as equal to a large as a good year, and then use that to literally polarize. Like, he's doing that, and he's taking it into a different discipline. It's like, no one's ever touched the SaaS market.

And so he's, he's taking an idea that's prudent itself, but it's still fresh because he can leapfrog into the RMA. Yeah. And so, and so it's just, it's important to, right, so as you're young, you want to go spikier.

And the problem you have when you're young is you're not confident. Right? And that's what you want to push harder. And then you get experience by seeing that by creating spikier points of view, you do better.

It's also like there's a maximum in Silicon Valley that it's easier to build an ambitious company than not. Right. Right? And the reason, and it is, because you can motivate more people and stuff, but people are scared to be bold.

Right? And they're scared to say it because, oh my God, that sounds so ridiculous. Right? But you're like, if you don't, you're not going to build anything. Like it's, right? No, it's like, like back to experience, I'm like, we're building Stanford and K through 12.

Right? And from the, from where we are today, that's sort of a ludicrous statement. Right? But it's absolutely what we're going to do. Right? And it's what I need to say and believe and recruit about.

Right? Yeah. Yeah. Even though you're like, really, you have like, how many kids in high school? A dozen? Yeah.

I mean, it's so ridiculous. Well, like the thing I get from you, like a lot of people at super builders talk to me and they're like, Joe's crazy. Like, is this going to happen? And what I tell them is like, like the way I view you, Joe, is it feels like you live in that world where we are the Stanford of K through 12? Right.

And then you're simply coming back to like the present moment. You're like a time traveler. You're like, okay, this is what we're going to do.

I promise we're going to get there. I've seen it. I've been there.

Just trust me and follow me and it's going to happen. Exactly. No, that is, that is that, that mental model of great entrepreneurs live in the future and they just try to bring everybody with them to where this future vision is.

Yeah. Yeah. Because they're like, how does Joe have so much conviction that like this is going to work? Right.

dude, he's done the research. He's like played out. It's like the, it's the, the doctors, the doctors trained with things.

I've never had a product in my career that's as good as this product relative to the competition. Right. It's just, I, there's, it's ridiculous how much better our school is than everything else.

And you're just like, this is easy. Right. And you know, we had to get the product and we have to, blah, blah, blah.

But you know, it's like this summer program. It's literally the worst month in the world to recruit people for the school. They've already paid $30,000 to the private school.

And McKinsey's doing these road shows and she's calling these people to sign up. Like there's no harder sales cycle and she's like crushing through it because our product is so much better. Like the nationwide coverage we get, all this stuff, it's just, you know when you have, right, that kind of momentum.

And so, you can easily project. You know, we weren't, when Alpha first started, we weren't Stanford, K through 12. Right.

But now it's like, yeah, okay, we totally are. Right. This is a very macro general question, but how did you get from not Stanford to Stanford and K through 12? We built the product to be awesome.

How? How did we build the product to be awesome? We sat there and said, what would make this product 10 times better than any other school? And then we just started to deliver on that product. Well, you went from McKenzie having to convince you to go. To go.

And now you're like, basically running it. Well, three years ago, the difference, there was, the technical innovation happens three years ago when Gen AI came out. Before that, I was always like, McKenzie, this is great for Austin, but no, no education system scale.

Right. Which has been true forever. And we'll be the first ones to disprove it.

And the reason I know I can disprove it is because when Gen AI came out, I'm like, oh, I have the platform now to get this out to a billion kids. And before that came out, you couldn't. And so you didn't have a scalable way to make this all work.

And now we do. And everything else is, you know, that was why three years ago I was like, oh, I'll be principal. I've got to be a product guy and figure all the details out.

You know, what do you do when fifth graders fight or parents yell at you? You know, and oh, it's not two X learning, it's two hour learning, right? There's pivots and we have to figure things out that they're wrong. So you joined Alpha before, like, GPT-3? Right when it came out. Like, it was just, it was just coming out.

So that fall, when was it? September, October, when it, 3.5 came out. Is that why you had the conviction to come? Yes. Was, so I wrote a paper in high school on X, on AI.

And one of the paragraphs was about neural nets. And it's like, it's decades away. And the main part of the paper was about expert systems and apologies, which was AI back in the 80s.

And then I went to Stanford and I was in class with the father of expert systems, which was AI back then, Professor Feigenbaum. And he was talking about how these systems could be worth a million or two million bucks a day if they ever worked, you know, right? And so I dropped out and was like, fuck, I'm going to go make a zillion dollars. And so in the 90s, our claim to fame trilogy was we were the first AI company to sell a billion dollars of software.

And so that's how we started. So I've been doing AI the old way, right, forever. And then three years ago, right, I was like, oh my god, this gen of AI neural nets are finally here after decades of shit.

They're finally here. And I was like, oh, this is totally, right? And for school, I was like, okay, this could totally fix education, right? You can build generative, personalized lesson plans for every kid. And you can replace a teacher and kids can learn 10 minutes faster and all that stuff.

And so with, I knew a little bit about learning science, not, you know, a fraction of what I know, but I knew enough to be at LLMs and learning science with the alpha model would be totally scalable. That light bulb must have felt so good. Yeah.

For like 30 years. Finally. They finally made it.

So, yeah, it's, yeah. And so that was the technical breakthrough that happened. And then all this stuff is just product management, right? What's the right price point, right? How do you go to market? I didn't think, like, we're $75,000 in New York City tuition.

And so three years ago, I was like, there's no way I'm going to charge that much. And I'm going to have a different product. Now, talking to parents, right? Because they care about the building.

I'm like, fucking not wasting money on the building. But they do. They care about the building.

And I'm like, okay, it's going to be, you know, I was like talking to Naval. I'm like, he wants this building in San Francisco. I'm like, I'm going to charge $75,000.

He's like, oh, shit. Go ahead. Right? And so, you know, I have that price point.

They care about the building. And so, okay, I'll put in $15,000 a kid for a fucking building. You know? But, you know, that's what your customer wants.

So you're just learning. Oh, it's not too expensive. It's too expensive.

But yeah, so you're just developing it. And so, you know, and every year, the product gets better. Right? So, we get all the guides together in 10 days.

We will design what our 25, 26 product is. We're like the iPhone. I mean, here you go.

Design a new, better one. No, this is a good, this is another good example, despite the point of view of it. My first three years back to that parent council where this mom, I wanted to leave because she wasn't aligned.

Right? And the thing she hated the most about the school is we kept changing. She's like, at all the other schools, they do the same thing every year. And it doesn't change.

Change is just so hard at our school. It's always changing. I'm like, it's always going to fucking change.

Every year, we come out with a new iPhone. And you want shit because it's been that way for 100 years. And luckily for you, there's 10,000 schools that are doing the same way for 100 years.

Go to one of them. But every year, we are going to push the bar and keep increasing what we can do. Right? And we're not ever going to be stagnant.

Ever. Right? And there's a set of parents who hate that. They don't like the changes.

They want it to just be. Right? Yeah. And it causes them anxiety.

And I'm like, don't come. Right? And so we're going to sit and design a new plan in 10 days. Right? Staff days.

We'll spend a couple weeks making the product better and better. And what dimensions? We're going to have five dimensions instead of our three commitments. Right? And it's going to be awesome.

Yeah. And so, no, like we were, I was working with Jack O. today about what's going to be the after school and weekends program. And like this next year is going to be fucking 10 times better than this year.

Right? We're going to have the Mr. Beast that we were talking about. Right? It's going to be totally different. And so, you're just constantly pushing with the product.

That's actually going to be so crazy. Yeah. Right? Isn't it? But it's going to be awesome.

Right? And you're like, and that's what you, you want a set of people who are like, yes, we're going to just keep pushing the boundary and making things awesome. And that's what, and education's such a big space. It's obviously easy.

And the competition's so bad. So bad, how easy it is to be Stanford. You're like, God.

Right? Yeah. I mean, what do these other schools have? Right? And there, I mean, obviously there's a set of things in that parent committee and the legacy and the scale and size. But those are all ones that just evaporate pretty quickly.

Once a year from now, we have 25 schools around the country. And in every, in the top 25 cities, everybody in the community talks about health school. Right? right? It's just, then it's over.

Right? And we'll have to be growing to 100 schools, 100 schools. But it'll be over. But like, I get calls now from just random, you know, fricking some guy called me from Lisbon.

He's like, I'm at a fucking dinner and everybody's talking about Alpha. It's so weird. Right? Where it's just, it's the, right? McKinsey's brand and the hype around it.

Do you think it would have been as successful if you didn't have the financial lackeys to do it? No, you'd totally make money. No. Like, I promise you Bill Ackman would not be sending his kids to Alpha with a janky 20 person thing.

Right? He's like, I was like, I'm spending a billion dollars on this and I'm spending 20 years. He's like, if you're in for 20 years and a billion dollars, then I'm in for my kid. Right? And so, no, that's back to being committed.

Right? It's, the reason I'm, you know, there's a dozen billionaires that I've talked to who all have given over a billion dollars to education and 100% of it was wasted. And every one of those said, don't waste your billion dollars on education because you can't change it. And now, if you go talk to them three years later, they're all like, okay, okay, what you're doing is totally awesome.

The difference is, is you became the product man. I donated money. He's been like, you're in it.

And that's the difference. And that's, they bring capitalism and entrepreneurship to education. Because no one, donating money is a waste of money.

No one, Michael Dell has given over a million dollars to education so I've got to give a billion dollars to him to do anything. Right? Right? But he's super excited about it and all the stuff. And, because you, we need to bring entrepreneurship to fix stuff.

Because no school is innovating. I mean like, so incrementally, whereas you guys have made that your primary selling point. It's like we are the school that will innovate and change the system.

Right. No we're, you know, back to the five dimensions. Love school.

Okay, nobody believes you should love school. We're like, love school more than vacation. Like that is, we sit there every day and we're like, how do you make kids love school even more? Right? The high schoolers wanting to come this summer was like a breakthrough for us.

Right? A year ago, we would not have had a high school that could do that. We would not have got that same level. You know, the second thing around our engines, we teach kids ten times faster.

Right? So, kids are learning ten times faster. The third around the life skills, like our life skills stack of what kids learn. You know, the workshops that we do, I mean the kids freaking love them.

The parents love them. We have freaking kindergarteners climbing forty foot rock walls and riding their bike five miles. Second graders running 5Ks.

Just crazy ass shit besides all our high school stuff. That just, no other school even comes close. Is that scalable? Like, outputs didn't? Yeah, these workshops are so easy to run.

Yeah. Right? Nothing we're doing is, right, we have a playbook and you just, right, it's not, you get the right guides and once again, you have to pay more for the guides. So, our fourth thing is, our guides are ten times better than normal teachers and the reason is, is because they don't spend their day teaching, they spend their teach motivating, right, high support, high standards, and nobody sits there, nobody says, parents do not, you do not have to nag your kid in high school because our guides will hold up your student to the high standard.

And so you can have a totally different relationship, right? There's just no school that says that, right? And, so the high standard, high support part, you know, Dr. Yeager, no school lives that, they're all low standards, right? We won't pressure your kid too hard. We're like, we're going to fucking pressure your kid to the wall but it's going to be awesome, right? And they're going to love it, right? And then, fifth, that we're developing is character, community, and classmates, right? And how we, we don't have good measures for those, those are very vague, but we're going to figure them out. Right? And so there's nobody who sits, you know, St. Stephen's isn't sitting there, here's our five ways we're going to do better this year.

Yeah. Right. And so, we're three, no, we're three years in, and we're like, okay, it's a couple more years, right? Think of where we'll be in three more years, right? Three more years.

Right. And then we'll have scale, right? Right, because as we get scale, everything gets better. Yeah.

Now, historically, like a lot of, Doug says, like, you've run a lot of your organizations in a flat way. Do you feel like you're going to change the way that you run things, like, because they're just going to scale and it's going to be such a big personnel operation? It's not. We're going to use AI to manage everything.

That's what the super builders are doing. The super builders don't have a manager. They have an AI manager.

Oh, like the Crossover app that works for it? No, they literally have a real AI manager. No way. And so, that's, shh, wait, what is that? The Brandon thing? It's the AI manager.

Like, it gives them all stack rank. here's how you're doing it. Oh, that.

It's going to start sending them emails about how they can do better. But that's high school. Totally.

And so, AI is going to be able to, hey, I believe a year from now, AI will, same way it's better at academic teaching, AI can easily be better than 80% of managers. Most managers suck. And so, it's a really low bar.

And so, the ability to build an AI that gives better coaching to people on how to do better in their career isn't that hard. And, once again, so we're just, we're going to innovate it at Superbuilders, but then we'll bring it into all the other stuff. No, like, Steph, who runs all our guides, is doing the same thing, where basically we have an org structure where it could be like her, right, we have lead guides and guides, and basically they all report to her.

It's like, there's a span of control. She's like, call me when I'm going to have a hundred people reporting to me. And she's using AI to manage a hundred guides.

And it just gives you superpowers in the scale of what your right span of control is. And to scale the way we want, right, AI is, like, I find AI is much better at doing what I want than humans. Right, humans disagree and fight.

Right, and so you're like, oh, okay, well, AI doesn't. So, that's a great question. What's, like, with the WorkSmart now? Like, Brandon made, like, an AI, like, WorkSmart, where we can, like, email for manual hours.

And it's so much nicer, because, like, I don't know. I don't know if you, did you know, like, Mohammad Javan? I don't know. He was, like, the old WorkSmart guy.

And I would email him, I was like, hey, I was, getting dinner with a client. He's like, why couldn't you have WorkSmarted that on your laptop? I was like, what are you talking about? Do you, like, need me to lay it out line by line? So bad. Yeah.

Now we have the AI, and I just email it. I'm like, hey, got, like, dinner, and, like, this is why. And it's like, oh, that makes sense.

Okay. Approved. It's like, thanks.

So just building, are you willing to build an organization? Yeah. And you're getting close. Like, we have WorkSmart, to manage the screen, the spreadsheet, and then, manual.

Oh, that. Did you realize that was Spencer when you emailed that? Okay. We were trying to figure it out.

Totally. And, but that, that was like, right? Yeah. And, no, but the peer review, right? I mean, we do that at the student level, right? Oh, cool.

And it's just back to giving context, right, to an AI. People are more comfortable giving their feedback about other teammates, to an impartial AI than a human. Yeah.

And so you literally get better answers by having an AI manager. So, back to this whole thing, it's just, if, if you're worried about dystopian world and all that stuff, you're like, oh, this'll always be bad. And if you're like, no, this'll be awesome, right? I mean, I hate management.

It's not the worst part of the job. Right? And so, I'm like, oh, I don't have to. AI, tell them what to do.

Yeah, I mean, the best managers, I mean, they'll still be there because they'll be the ones developing the software. Yeah, the software. Correct.

Jim Abel, my head of HR, is an awesome manager. He should be in charge of building a manager for everybody in the company and replacing him. Yeah, skill and talent.

And everybody who worked for a Jim Abel AI manager would be awesome. Right? They would love that because he's 10 times better than every other manager. And that's what you're gonna get.

Yeah, see, in effort, you know, so you have more like, personas that are popping up. Yeah, like, eventually, obviously, Eric, I think it's Eric from Zoom, like, his idea is that we'll just send our AI avatar. Like, they'll be at a point where you just create a client for yourself.

Yeah, and it's just gonna show that you waste 95% of your time sitting in class. You waste 70% of your time at work in meetings depending on what your job function is. And so that'll just go away.

Yeah. I mean, it's a tough market to be in because, you know, the number one guy is gonna build a software and he's gonna like, win massively, but everyone else is gonna get replaced. There's tons of issues.

There's tons of, the market, a marketplace for effort is gonna have, there's gonna be a lot of different AI managers. Yeah. Right? Back to, you know, spiky points of view where you're putting two things together, everybody's gonna have their own flavor that's different.

Just like marketing. Right? There's a hundred different people who are really good at marketing depending on what you're doing. Yeah.

Right? And there's just, you're gonna have a context. So the idea is like, it's better to niche down, do what you're saying, like get between multiple domains that you can find. It's just like building a niche on social media.

Yeah. It's just your expertise niche is the same thing. Is that for public? We're about to break it up into three different products, but I think you can like, go for it.

I think you can. Yeah. Just use it.

It's not, I don't like, it's too common. It's a shooting product right now because it's too many things and so it's gonna be divided into three products and so you'll have a effort product where you just log in and you zoom, it's a one-on-one zoom with an effort just to teach you, the whole goal is to teach you stop calling humans the fucking effort of more than the human. And you can do the meeting ten times faster if you just call an effort.

And so it's gonna be a zoom interface one-on-one and then after that start, there's some latency issues then we'll go multi-person where we have multiple efforts but generally the view is the expertise you want, you won't have to call people which saves so much time right, because it's so much faster. There'll be that one, there'll be the brain lift, how to build a brain lift, brain maxing, how to become an expert and then third, the multi-level level. Yeah.

And so those will be three different programs. Yeah. Right, but the effort one is gonna be, there's gonna be an effort marketplace where you can create an effort of your expertise and sell it.

You know, how much would you pay for, yeah, how much would you sell for, pay for a Warren Buffet effort to analyze your portfolio? A thousand bucks an hour for sure. Right, and so there'll be for all these things, review this, right, the vibe cookers, right, like everybody wants to be a gauntlet kid. So the gauntlet guys can really create an effort of, this is the vibe code.

I'm gonna make one. People would literally put it on their screens and watch it, right, and get coaching. Yeah.

Just like our AI coaches, kids on students, people will be like, shoot, let me watch your screen and I'll be like, God, fucking, what are you doing? You're totally doing this wrong. Yeah. Right? Yeah.

And so it'll be, people will be able to monetize their knowledge via the effort marketplace. I believe that'll be a great product just in and of itself. And the value, the competitive long-term value is the marketplace.

Yeah, it's how we're competitive. Yeah, just, you create the marketplace. You are the marketplace of human knowledge, right, and you ride on top of the artificial knowledge.

Do you think you can do that with like, WorkSmart? Yeah. Like, if you record my workflow, could you just make that into an effort? Oh, eventually. Yeah.

Yeah. I think that's like, But it's still, AIs are still where if you gave it four spiky points of view and the recording, it would do a lot better than just the recording. Okay.

Right? Spiky points of view are really good to guide the AI because the way to think of an LLM is just, it's read everything. Imagine if your brain had everything. You have to tell it what part of the brain to go to.

Like, when you just say things like marketing, you're like, is this growth marketing? Right? Is this value marketing? Right? What kind of, you have to tell it, go to this part of the brain, which is what your spiky points of view are. Right? Where you're basically directing it, go, like back to, I care about learning. Do you care about direct instruction or do you care about inquiry? Yeah.

Right? Are you a Montessori person? Right? You have to tell it where to go. And then once you get there, right, with your spiky points of view, then it can operate with a context to get you an answer. And so, but yeah, but that's the, that's why I think brain lifts, right? Brain lifts are the data structure for human knowledge because it's going to be, you're going to have all these LLMs and the brain lifts as well.

It's where you store your personal context. Correct. It's your personal context which then tells the brain, tells the LLM where to go.

Because one of the things that, there's no universal, like this whole AGI shot, I'm like, there's no right answers in the world. Like we fight a lot about everything. Right? And so, you have to tell it where you want to go.

Yeah. Right? There has to be someone guiding the LLM. Right? Just individualism versus collectivism.

Right? Right? All the, this is the great works, this is all the philosophers and shit. Like these battles have been going on for thousands of years and like what? Because bias is how you create knowledge. And there's no, there's no black and white, there's no right answer.

It just gets fucking smart enough to figure it out. That's not how it works. Right? There's always two sides to everything.

And so, you know, these AIs, you have to tell it this is the part of your brain you need to focus on and ignore that other shit. Right? And that's what a brain lift does. And the spiky points of view are the best simple articulation.

Gosh, this is so cool. I hope you start making content. Yeah.

This would do so well. We know. We will.

We're, we're going to start making knowledge in public. How was August? It was great. What about Chelsea? It was great.

It was great. He's a huge fan now so he wasn't bored anyway. How did he find you? Uh, I did the prep.

Oh, okay. Back to networking. Alright.

I will see you guys. Bye guys. See you.

Good night. Sorry.