Joe 6/8
Sun, Jun 8, 2025

0:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Thank you very much.

1:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Can you hear?

1:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I think he's like- Test, test.

1:33 - Unidentified Speaker
I didn't realize it until I started to follow along.

1:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I was like, oh, you're, he said, well, we do school, you know, facilities. And he's like, we can give guides and stuff. I was like, oh, okay, well, we're going to have to coaches, you know, do you have coaches?

1:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
He's like, no, teachers. I'm like, oh.

1:56 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So, but he was like, he's like, marketing. I mean, you overstate everything. I'm like, we do. I'm like, what do we overstate? And he's like selection effects. I'm like, I don't overstate selection effects. We have hundreds of selection effects. Every private school, every non-public school by definition had selection effects. I don't know how you can have a school that's not a public school and not say there are selection. Selection means somebody selects you. And so you either, get random lotteries into a public school, or you select into a non-public school. So everybody, charter schools are selection effects. Everything is a selection effect. Right? I said it's just, it's a fact. So I'm not sure when somebody attacks me and says, this is selection effects. I'm like, okay, yes. And, and what? Otherwise you're just like, oh, public school. And I'm like, if you do anything outside of public school, it has selection effects. And you can't factor them out. You can't say I did a controlled study in anything outside of public school. And even in a public school, if you let the kids choose, there's selection effects. Selection says people select. Right? And if you randomize controlled trials, right? Right? Statement is always like, even in twin studies, which is sort of what they always use, right, for IQ testing is, you know, if you have twins, parents have selection effects on they treat their kids differently. There are selection effects, I treat Kate and l completely different as a parent. Right. And so it's a, to me, it's just like, it is a factually true statement. I don't understand why you think it discredits any I Understand it's just that's just not true, which is They if you want to say there if you don't say selection effects that don't say selection effects say Rich people can learn and poor people can't Because that's what you're saying. Is that what is that what you mean that that's actually what they're saying Yeah, yeah rich people rich people's brain is different than poor people's and rich people can learn and poor people can't learn then say that and Then it's that's easy to just prove. That's fucking easy shit to disprove Let's go get somebody and bankrupt and then see if they're learning Or let's give a shit ton of money to somebody who doesn't know things and see if all of a sudden Because they have money, they all do new things. I mean, it's ludicrous. My brain chemistry is different based on my wealth.

4:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Really?

4:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Oh, wait, there's some other effect you want to talk about. OK, well, what is that? Get to the root cause of whatever you're saying and stop being way up here. Right? Because you're obfuscating the truth. And so, and wherever, whatever level you go to, I will then go compete on a well-defined, right? We have data that says motivation is 300% effect on learning. IQ is 50. So if you want to say smart people learn faster, I'm like smart people learn faster given motivations the but that's never true. And I will take a dumb, motivated kid. And we're talking K8 Common Core, not super advanced. K8 Common Core, I will take a dumb, motivated kid over a smart, lazy kid.

5:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

5:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And let's just do that study. I'm happy to do that study. Okay, smart kids, fucking rich, smart kids who fucking don't study. Okay? And then I'll take Michelotta in London, which is all super poor inner city London kids, and she works their ass off. They're all totally motivated. Selection effects, because their parents are like, go to this school where you're going to learn like crazy, right? They're poor, lower IQ kids, and they will crush rich Westlake people. Our Hispanics in Brownsville beat rich Westlake student white kids, right? But make it that. Make it whatever specific thing you want to do. But yes, selection effects, yes. And people who say, no, there's no selection effects. I'm like, I don't know how you can say that.

6:49 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
There are selection effects. Everything is a selection effect. So anyway, I guess. Yes. Totally. Well, absolutely.

7:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
There's selection effects of who in your cohort wants what you're doing, right? We're not claiming, right? We don't claim that our school solves everything, right? We're just claiming our school solves it for the people at our school, right? If you ever go to a school, it's like the Geico commercial, right? Geico commercial is like, people who switch to Geico save $500, right? That's a factually true statement. The reason the people who didn't save $500 did switch, because they didn't save $500, but the people who switched were the ones who saved $500.

7:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

7:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But Geico can have a totally good business finding all the people that they saved $500 to.

7:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

7:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And just building that business. Absolutely. Right? This is the problem with universal, right? There is none. Like, I don't know how to be a public school principal. I don't know how to be a superintendent. Like if you said, Joe, do you think you could take over the American school system and fix it? I'd be like fucking impossible. We couldn't do it. Can't imagine there's anybody on the planet who can do it, right? Everybody's failed for 50 years. And I think it's the structure of the problem. You couldn't put me in a public school and I couldn't, I couldn't fix the public school back to with a product. I'll use a product framework of it in order to fix it. You have to have your customers happy, right? If you run a public school, by definition, you have parents who are like, I want academics. And you have parents who say, I fucking don't care about academics.

8:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Okay, so build your school.

8:49 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You can't, right? Three schools, Dobie schools in mid, in Texas, in Austin, five years failing, fourth, fifth, sixth graders, can't read. They don't know what seven times eight is. Is like, we're going to shut those schools down and fucking move the kids to schools where they're learning. Okay. There are daily protests outside the schools from parents who are like, do not shut the school down. I don't care that my kid's not learning. I don't care that my kid can't read. What I care about is that teacher. You want to fire that super special sixth grade teacher that my daughter went through, transform my older daughter's life. And I don't care that my son can't read. I want him in the class with that teacher. Now, you're the product manager. How do you solve this? It's an impossible solution because you're trying to solve for everybody, right? And you can't. You need selection. You need people to opt in. Do you give a shit about academics or not? Right? And so you can't solve the public school system. I look at as I'm never claiming our system solves public school because because of the design How do you solve a problem where you have I want I want X and anti X Right and so I'm like we're not ever claiming right People when we come out with a video game, we will have selection kids will select in to play the video game. And we will only solve it for the kids who like video games. What about the kids who don't like video games? Not for them. Right? It's just, you can't solve this problem of, you must, every solution must everywhere and also from the day one solve all the world's problems, including X and anti-X. Like, okay, well, good luck trying to solve that problem, guys.

10:48 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Whoever going to go work on that? I'm not.

10:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
We have tons of people who to the school is like, I don't believe in screen time. I'm like, don't come. Selection effects, don't come. We have nobody at our school who doesn't believe their kids should work on a screen.

11:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But there's plenty of parents who don't think their kids should work on a screen. So don't come. Right?

11:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, you must solve the problem for parents who don't like screen time.

11:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Like, no, I don't.

11:22 - Unidentified Speaker
No, I don't.

11:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So anyway, that's the I hate sports. Don't go don't go to sports. I don't want to tell you, right? No, we have and we do have parents like, you know, like Pamela. And burn. You know, they're alpha family, super happy alpha family, but not happy enough because they're moving to GT school. Right? And they're like, no, we want GT school. We want more academic enrichment. Alpha doesn't have enough. I'm like, perfect. I can't solve it at alpha. No, I can't do more academics than I do at alpha. Right? I've structured it. I built a product. It has constraints. I can't do everything for everybody, but you know who does do what you want? So she's going to drive 35 minutes a day, each way, so her kids can go to GT school, because that's what she wants. Without school choice, I don't know how you solve problems. I'm going to build a universal school. When I hear about it, like when I got into a debate with Kaipai Bob on the call, because he's like, blah, blah, selection effects and all that. I'm like, yes, I agree. He's like, well, public schools have to solve it for every person. I'm like, public schools don't solve it for every person. That's bullshit. Show me the school. What's the happiness level of kids at public school? You're not solving it for them. You claim you're trying, but you're not solving it for them. They're fucking miserable, right? And for parents who don't give a shit about academics, you're closing their school. How is that solving their problem? You're not solving what they want. They don't want academics. He's like, but there's a law. I'm like, Wait, are you going to listen to the community and what they want? Or are you just going to follow the law? Right? There's 25% of the market who think standardized tests are rigged and terrible for their kids. Are you going to force them with the law to do it? OK, well, then you're not solving what they want. You're just like, fuck them. It's what I think.

13:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

13:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And I'm like, eh. So.

13:32 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Do you think, like, there's a lot of built-in infrastructure for public schools, and if it catches on, and if we can demonstrate to, say, even, like, 50% of people, like, hey, this is a much better way to do things, what do you think happens to that built-out public school infrastructure? Do you see it being like there's a bunch of different private schools operating?

13:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
The answer is politics, and I'm not an expert, but, for example, Austin has 25,000 thousand empty seats. There's 25,000 seats in Austin that are empty. Like your average, you know, elementary, middle school is like 500, high schools are like 1,500. So think of 25,000 empty seats. And AISD publishes, it's not like it's a secret. And we have said, great, we will buy all of them. We'll buy every building you want. And they're like, fuck you, we will not sell you one empty seat. They are firing teachers and closing schools instead of selling us their buildings. Like they could change their deficit, right? They have a hundred million dollar deficit. And we're like, we will buy your schools. And they were like, fuck you. We will not sell it. There are a hundred empty buildings in Houston, big buildings, Houston, Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, a hundred empty schools that we could take over and have offers to buy. We put into the last legislature a bill that they had to auction them to schools. And right now what they do is they either demolish them, right, or convert them to a non-school rather than sell to a school. And the governor, all the school choice people are like, we should probably keep them a school. And so, but politically they couldn't get it through. The teachers union is too strong. And the teacher is like, fuck you. So it's a political thing. And yeah, so yes, it would be awesome, right? You could solve all our real estate problems immediately because the demographics are all these buildings, all these public school buildings, right? The number of kids is plummeting, right? So every inner city school district in the country is going to have tons of empty buildings, right? And the last thing they're going to allow is competitors into those buildings.

15:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

15:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Like, last thing, and that is they understand that is the death of them. Right? And so they will fight that.

16:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
They will use whatever political power they have.

16:05 - Unidentified Speaker
But reality.

16:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Now, do I think sometime in the next five years, we could get a bill in a red state where they have lots of school choice and you could get, you know, probably. Probably a couple states, you know, but Texas is hard.

16:24 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I mean, I guess here's the answer.

16:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
If fricking Texas Sports Academy crushes it, you will be able to know they crushed it because we'll get the sports. We'll be able to pass it in Texas. But without Texas Sports Academy crushing it, no. Like Alpha and that kind of stuff, that doesn't fix Texas. The only way to get Texas is sports, right? And you're like, all these buildings, Sports facilities, they're gonna tear them down and Texas Sports Academy is gonna go in and let your kids fucking play sports all day And that's that is the only thing I that I GT school can't do it out with Sports Academy Right and those hundred empty schools boom right they got football stadiums basketball courts soccer fields right and if you go to parents and be like That's your best hope. To win Texas, you have to get rural. You have to get rural Texas to vote to give the schools to Sports Academy.

17:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
That's an interesting question, too, because in cities, you have lots of school choice, but rural doesn't have any. It's public education for us. They're not, no. Texas Sports Academy is solving the problem.

17:38 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
That's why we're doing one in every school district. Then next year, there's going to be the year after that 10% of the kids. And once 10% of the kids in every rural school district are working in a sports academy, then you're like, Okay, hey, let's put these little micro schools together in a big school. And by the way, Victoria High West is empty. Don't tear down Victoria High West. Why don't you just make Victoria High West Sports Academy? That's your hope. But it's gonna be We'll see I got Ellen Sloan are gonna be at the White House tomorrow meeting the CTO the Department of Ed going through how their whole AI plans totally fucked and as a student like You have to do something completely different. So But the Paul right? It's we're not good at politics. I Right? That's a totally different skill set than we bring.

18:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So we'll see if we can.

18:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But we're fighting open AI. We must put Chachapiti in every kid's hands. And I'm like, ugh, right? Our only hope is like the Ellen Slones of the world. They're like, guys, seriously, everybody's just going to cheat. That's all we do. The adults, we're not going to. Max McCorkel can't win that.

19:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
He's a good guy. What happened to the, I guess it was kind of Obama era, but there was some like moderate Dems like Cory Booker, I think, who were very on board with school choice.

19:22 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, they've just, it's become the last, they've lost so much ground that it's, you know, the last holdout, like Mark Warner is a great, you know, as close to a centrist Democrat you get for you know, I spent two hours with him, you know, dinner a month ago. And he's like, this is, and he's, he's, he's awesome. I love him. And he's just like, this is the most awesome thing ever. It's like, I have no idea how to make this happen. He's like, I, he's like, this is like, you literally couldn't have picked worse messaging. Okay. No teachers. Seriously. Like I can't, you can't be in the democratic party and not be a the teachers union is the single most powerful lobby. I mean, you can't, how do you like incorporate teachers? And we're like, we totally have teachers, but he's like, okay, you can't, you know, AI tutors there. That's anyway, we're meeting again to try to solve it, but it's a hard, I, there are problems where you're like, I know how to solve those. The political ones are being like the superintendent. Like, I don't know what I'd do if I was superintendent of AISD. You know, the Houston guy is the best one to look at, right? So they, the state put the new guy in Houston in charge of it because the school system was failing like crazy. And he doesn't have our tech, but he, if I was, he is the closest thing to what I would do if I was in charge. And he's the most hated man in Texas, right? And the most hated man in Texas, and they hate him, right? And his academic scores are crushing him. Like he's taking schools that are F and moving on up to A and his results are just phenomenal. And he's the most hated guy in Texas. And I'm like, I don't know what to do. Like, okay, let's add tech and really piss the teachers off. Right. I mean, I just like, God, I, you know, you can just watch somebody else. Like I would never take his job because I don't know how you succeed. Yeah, totally. So he has a, And so you can look at it. But he's just doing direct instruction, basically. He's implementing direct instruction and rigor and high standards. And he's teacher pay, pay for performance. He's firing bad teachers and principals and just all the frickin' basics that anybody would do that causes the most. No, there's just like, everybody has to go through the thing I went through. When I came in, I'm like, 2X learning, everybody wants to learn more. And fucking hundreds of parents meetings made them like, oh shit, they don't give a shit about this. They actually hate it. They hate it. And you just, you have to go through that transition and really live it. Cause especially if you went to school like and did well, you just don't think there's people who don't think reading and writing are important. It's just sort of like a core value that you think people think that, right? But then you like, parents are like holy fuck this person really doesn't leave it right and you're just like wow it's like diversity of thought there's a whole world like that and then you're like how do you solve a problem once you realize they get a vote right and that your solution is in a school district like there's more of them than there are of you right and then you're like okay now we what do I do? Cause it's, you know, and I, that's why I be solving the public school stuff. I don't know how to do it. Right.

22:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And I believe school choice, get people who want to choose out, let them choose out.

23:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right.

23:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But, but no, he's like, if you took two hour learning, he would love it. He'd be like, Oh my God, I don't even know if I could ever let this, the Houston guy, he does really well manually. With it, right? But no, Max McCorkel, who's the head of Texas, is like, can we, he wants us to do two-hour learning and see if they can use it in Houston. And I'm like, I don't want to be part of that. I'm like, that's not a win. Like, what's a win, right? Well, actually, the other one, the White House one, they want, they're like, we want two-hour learning to roll it out, and I won't give it to them.

23:38 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I was like, here's what we're going to do instead.

23:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
If you agree not to do chatbots, we will give you the spec to run an XPRIZE for $10 million. So we got Peter DeMonte as the XPRIZE guy aboard on it. Government will fund $10 million to run, build a personalized lesson plan, right? And we'll throw the spec out there, and it'll be open source, whoever does it, right? So everybody in the country can use it. It's not, I'm like, I just don't want the bad brand on 2-Hour Alerty when this shit comes out, right? Because that's a no-win. But I'm like, we'll give you the spec, and you can write this really easy. So by this year, there will be a personalized lesson plan engine out there, hopefully. So that's the goal of what it will be. And then see if that, let other people try to make that happen in the public space. But I think that's a bloodbath.

24:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah. Yeah.

24:42 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
The general view always of why when people talk about capitalism and why it's powerful, The thing that I feel is not taught to people, right, unless you really like listen to Milton Friedman and stuff, is the value is the market, which allows consumers to choose, right? And when you have a government mandated one, you must pick one answer for everybody. And so it's impossible to be the government, like when you're regulating housing, You're like, okay, there's one type of housing we're gonna allow, right? And we're gonna do a section eight, right? And you're just like, okay, that's it, right? This is why, like, there's a really famous case at the end of communism that you guys are too young to have. Boris Yeltsin, right? Boris Yeltsin came over to Houston and he went into H-E-B. No, he went into H-E-B and he's like, why are there a hundred cereals. He's like, we have our cereal because you have the fucking Soviet cereal. Why would you have choice? Because it's less efficient economies of scale, blah, blah, planned economy. It's always less efficient to have two than one. Right. And fucking different types. And he's like, this is crazy town. The only right. And he's like, he didn't believe that average Americans had this. And, but the magic is, You have to have a choice, because you can't build consensus if everybody gets a vote around one. You can't. Like, I want academics. I don't want academics. Build a school. Don't know how to do it. Academic school, sports school. There you go. Solved it. Very easy. Trivial.

26:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Trivial.

26:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But when you're forcing everybody where everything has to be the same, right? I like Windows. I like Mac. Oh, my God.

26:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

26:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
How many of you, we had to sit and say, you all have to use the same, not even OS, how about AI? Everybody has to use, there's one model, one LLM. You're just like, oh fuck, right? I mean, just, you can't do it, right? And the power is the market, right? That there's choice and you get people to choose and then you build around that. And it gives, then you get signals because how many, what your percentages are, But there are some people who like Android, and there are some people who like iPhone. They're radically different. You can't have that in the government system. You can't have, oh, shit, that's seven times more expensive. You can't have different schools.

27:45 - Unidentified Speaker
So anyway.

27:46 - Unidentified Speaker
And you have that.

27:48 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But that's even like a secondary effect, too. The choice. But yes, it does force that as well, and it helps. But everybody's like, oh, it's a competition, or the capital is the money. And you're like, no, no, no. You segment your customer base into what they want and not into what they don't want. And that leads your voters or your consumers to be happier, too, right? There are people who's paid seven times as much for an iPhone and are happier And then there's Android people who are like, those people are the dumbest humans on the planet. I couldn't be happy buying an iPhone because it's so overpriced. It would cause me visceral negative reactions every time I used it.

28:38 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And you're just like, OK, two different people.

28:41 - Unidentified Speaker
I don't know how to solve it.

28:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And I'm learning. I think spending tons of money on a building Stupid Personal opinion McKinsey's like we can run an alpha in a tent. What matters is go on inside of it as We go into more high-end freaking school districts. They're like, I'll pay $15,000 more tuition to get a better building Okay, that's good to know I'll raise tuition $15,000 building actually raise it 30,000 and make additional profit. Anyway, so for KiPod, I think if there's some way you thought there was a way to work with them, they'd be open to it. If you're just like a full direct competitor and are like, yeah, we're going to crush you, they probably won't. But if there's some narrow, They know they can't beat us because they don't have two-hour learning. So they're working to find a two-hour learning competitor. And they either want to buy it from us or get it from somebody else. And they realize how that's the dumbest thing on the planet. They do realize that.

30:09 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
They just don't have a better answer.

30:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

30:29 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yes, right.

30:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So this is one of his webinars, and he's doing Q&A with protected teachers. And two teachers asked about Twilio. And he had to comment on Twilio in front of two or three people.

30:50 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And he was like, yeah, we're a group of friends.

30:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
We're not working together. So that's the big thing right now. Yeah. Right. Yeah.

31:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

31:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So we'll work and see if there's a way like if there's you know, um You know the back to if you need zoning help and facilities help they're trying to figure it out. They need money Right, and so, you know sell their soul. If we have something we really need from them.

32:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So no, we, he and I got into that. Yeah. He, he, this is back to the thing.

32:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
If you look at Kaipod and I'm like, it's too hard to build a school at eight K a kid that you were, your teachers aren't good enough entrepreneurs. To do that, right?

32:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And so I'm like, 15 grand.

32:34 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I'm like, I want selection effects. I'm like, at 8K, you get too many parents who care, I just want babysitting. I can't solve the problem when a parent just wants babysitting to build a sports academy around a bunch of kids whose parents drop them off for babysitting. I can't do that. And I don't need to. I'm just going to find parents who are willing to pay $4,000 or $4,500 because they want SportsCat. And I'm going to go get all those parents. Right.

33:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So Friday night, one of the basketball coaches had another event for her parents. And then the pitch line is, it's not 5k a year, it's basically $500 a month. Great. No, this is how you're going to get your sales pitch for parents, is you're just going to go to these and you're going to figure out, you just experiment.

33:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And it's going to be, I mean, Alpha has theirs and you look, but the KitePod one's not not going to help you because their material is going to be like teacher and bullshit. Yours is going to be, he doesn't have any facility that's like $500 a month for 80 hours of training, right? Which is fundamentally what is going to get a sports parent, right? And kids engagement and move them ahead before, get them ready for high school, right? Both academically and physically and Right. You have to come up with, I mean, this is the point of your product is what are you delivering to the kids? Right. And we should work on that. And then you just put that and say, parents, this is what we're giving your kid. We're going to write the product is the improvement in your kid.

34:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right.

34:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And what is that? What is this about your school? So here's the alpha one. So like, we're going to work on the alpha one tomorrow with all the guides. We have staff days tomorrow at the end of the year. And we're changing all our marketing. And our marketing starts with our product. We're product people. I'm a product person. And so our marketing is going to be product driven. And so the first part of having a product And we're going to have to make this McKinsey-ize it, McKinsey-mom it. But in my framework, to disrupt an industry, you need a 10x product. Your product has to be 10 times better than the competition. That's sort of standard Silicon Valley rule of thumb, that if your product's 20% better, you're fucked. If it's 10 times better, you can win. So we want to disrupt the industry. Everybody, it has to be 10x. Is better. So define a 10 times better product. First, kids must love school 10 times more than a standard school, right? Our first commitment is love school. Now it has to be 10 times more. So what's a good definition of 10 times more? I would say if kids want to go on school instead of go on vacation, most parents be like, wow, that's like 10 times more. Or if the high school kids vote not to go on summer break. Like I don't know how to make it more I don't know what is a higher standard than that. That seems to be the highest 10x standard you could do. So that's what we're going to do. And that is true. We have that. And so we're going to get testimonials for our marketing. So I'm like, guys, who of the kids are going to give a testimonial that's going to say, I'd rather go to school than go on vacation? And Gabby, who knows all the kids and has the video, She'll be like, you know, the one who talked to Bill Ackman, right? That kid was just like, he was like, look, I love to fish. And so Bill Ackman, for those who haven't heard the story, right, he's hardcore, and he was down here. And I told him, I literally told him, I'm like, our kids love to go to school more than vacation. He's like, that seems a little overstated. I'm like, totally not. Two-thirds of our high school kids literally voted not to go on summer break. He's like, just a second. Walks out of the thing, grabs an 11-year-old kid. He's like, do you like to go to school more than vacation? He's like, well, he's like, you know what we're about to do? We're about to go marlin fishing down in Cabo. I mean, in Marlin, they're rare. And we're going marlin fishing, and I love fishing, so no, I'm definitely to Cabo and Marlin fishing, I'm not going to school. But all the other ones my parents do, like they want me to go see some bridge out in California, you know, and stuff like that. He's like, oh, I'd totally rather go to school than those vacations, right? And it was a perfect, right, it's a great testimonial, because if it's not Marlin fishing, yeah, I'd rather go to school, is a legit, okay, I love school more than vacation, this one exception, right? That's a 10x better product, right? And so we'll have a bunch of videos that reinforce that. So we'll make the claim, our product's 10 times better. We have to have a mom version of your Kids Unlimited, not 10x is too tech bro. But in my framework, we'll start with kids love school 10 times more. That's how we'll measure it. We'll get marketing around it. Number two, literally, our kids learn 10 times faster. And we just measure it. And right, I heard that there's a bunch of alpha families put posting all their scores on Twitter this weekend that are showing like huge learning, which is how, right? And so we have plenty of data, 10X learning. We have the AIs where like, there's no school in America that's learning as fast as these. So we're learning 10 times faster. Third, we teach 10 times the life skills and that's all our videos of all our killer life skills and our life skill curriculum. Fourth, our guides are 10 times better, right? And their pedigree and how they spend it back to our survey results we'll publish where, you know, the survey question which says, every adult has one or two teachers who changed their life.

39:09 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Is your guide that for you?

39:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right? And that announcement, right? We have our high school kids who are higher end fire guides. We have them interviewing potential guides. And it's like the hardest interview ever. And these little high school kids are just beating the shit out of this guy who was out. He graduated med school, was in residency, decided, no, I don't want to be a doctor. I want to go be a teacher. And they are beating the living shit out of him about high standards. Like, it's awesome, right? And so we'll have that about our guides are 10 times better. And then finally, this one we haven't figured out exactly how to do it, but character. Our character, community, and classmates are 10 times better. And that's really a cohort thing, which is our example is going to be GT school and sports academy. I don't know exactly how to do it on alpha yet, but like GT school is easy, which is, you know, you're, you build students character by half. Part of our guide thing is also Dr. Yeager's high standard, high support. You build character by having kids do hard things. Right. And our guides do that. And by doing hard things with like-minded classmates, right? It's the opposite of the public school, just pull everybody who's different together. And it's like, if you're a GT kid in most schools, these vaunted public schools, you're considered, you're shamed, you're called a dork and a nerd, like it's torture for you. But you put freaking 50 GT kids together and have them crush it together. It's awesome, right? It's awesome for the kids. Right. It's ten times better. And if you go to our GT school, right. And the same thing for Sports Academy, all the ADHD kids are put in a line in a chair and freaking hate it. Right. You see them running around at Sports Academy. You're like, OK, this is awesome. Right. So we're going to get something there. And so we're like, we have a 10 X product. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Right. And then build the marketing. You guys have to be which the same thing for your school. Right. Is what is your product? Claims, right? What are you claiming, right? And then build up your proof points around it. And you have enough from Sports Academy that you get to say, you get to use flagship as your example and testimonials, right?

41:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And then these new ones you're opening, you'll be able to use those for the rest of the year, right?

41:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, so it's a three commitments are I love school, I learned 2x, and I learned life skills. But these are sort of an expanded, right version of what is the definition of a 10x product? Right? Because the three commitments are what we commit to the kid. This is a product focus of if you had to design a product that's a school product that's 10 times better, what would it be? And so we're just it's a, you know, It's that, because then from that, once you have defined what is a 10X product, you can then build the marketing around it, right?

42:28 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Well, we do. Absolutely. That's not what it says.

42:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, it's not. You learn 2X in two hours. An average school is six hours plus homework. And so if you do overall, it's 10 times faster. So 2x in two hours is because we're putting two things together. And our real answer is it's really for most of the kids. Our range is like five to 10 times faster. But back to all of these things, one of the things about the 10x product is it's fine to say when you're building a 10X product and we're not there yet on all dimensions. I only have two thirds of my high school kids who say they want to give up summer break. It depends on the workshops, but it's only 30 to 50% who say I'd rather go to school than vacation, right? But we're building a school that is gonna be where they say it, and we're up to 30% to 50%. And I have some kids at 5X, but we're building a product where they're learning 10X. And I do have kids learning 10X. I do have kids who want to go to school instead of vacation. And so you can define when you're talking about a product, you can define what you're building. Elon's like, I'm building a reusable rocket, and it blows up. And he's like, well, I'm building a reusable rocket. And he's like, it's going to have 500 mile range, and it has 200. It's got a 500 mile range, right?

44:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And so part of what you're doing is creating what you're aspirationally building and then you just tell them where you are. So it's two parts.

44:22 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Alpha high is two X and two hours. Alpha high honors is three hours. So you have, depending on which one you pick. So 1550 SAT and five on your APs is three hours.

44:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
1350 and fours and fives on your AP is two hours. So we have a dual program.

44:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

45:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Totally. Completely agree.

45:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, Austin Scholar is back in town. She just landed. And I'm like, your summer job is to freaking own Twitter. Right? I'm like, there's all this stuff going on. Just go own Twitter. Right? And it really makes things easier.

45:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
We're like, super excited to see how Garrett Sports does with the audience.

45:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Oh, totally.

45:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah. And kids love it.

45:57 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Kids frickin love it.

45:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
They all want to build it.

46:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Everybody wants to be a creator.

46:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And if you're having trouble selling parents, we can work on it. And I L is a good one. The other one is just your kid is either going to be a consumer or create. And if you don't let him be a creator, he's going to be a and let us teach safe creation online. I totally agree. But yeah, so we have to define your product. And what are those commitments? You're like, we're building the world's best school. And here's what defines that. This is the Texas Sports Academy for a micro school, and then define it. And then you just build marketing around it. And your marketing is basically, you know, When you talk about school marketing, there's basically two things. There's upper funnel hype, which you can build with just video. And then there's event experiences. You build upper funnel hype to drive people to shadow days or those things. And then when people physically experience it, they'll sign up. No one signs up from just watching a hype video you have to drive them to a Saturday or after school sampling event. And then once they sample it, then you can get, and so you just have to, your system just has to do that, right? And so when you define your product, you then at the top of the funnel are saying, here's the elements of the product, and you have videos around it, and people are like, oh my God, oh my God, I'd love my kid to be at AYA, that sounds great. Or, oh my God, look, the kid at noon in the afternoon, they're doing 80 hours in a month or a week or whatever it is 80 hours a month of extra, you know, drills or coach whomever, oh my god, it's coach whoever run in the program. Right. And financial literacy, or whatever you teach is else whatever else it is. And teamwork, sports, sportsmanship. And then you have a shadow day where the kids experience those elements. And you're like, okay, this is it. And it seems like it's a sample of the day and then you'll get signups. And that's you create that and then you just give that to all your coaches. And you say, this is it. This is your product. And you want to define the product because you don't want your coaches fricking freelancing. You don't because they all have different ideas. And you're like, this is our template.

48:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah. Totally. I mean, Brian Hodes, if you met him, right?

48:53 - Unidentified Speaker
God, he just, right?

48:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I'm like, Brian, geez, right? The entrepreneurs are good, but they're good because they're flexible. Scale, doing something at scale is the opposite of that. It's putting in, right? Like if you guys haven't watched the founder, you guys should go watch that movie.

49:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

49:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Cause literally they're like, we're selling barbecue. And he's like, what are you doing? Right. But they're like, well, we're in fucking Texas. And you're like, we're not a barbecue place. Like people want barbecue in Texas. Right. I don't know if that's in the movie, but similar one, right. Different ones, but it's in the book. And I mean, it's just insane, right? And yeah. And the entrepreneur is like, I don't get why you wouldn't sell barbecue. The people want it. And you're like, we're not a barbecue place. We're a hamburger place. They're like, but they want pizza too. So I've added that to the menu. Right. And you just, you have to define the product. If you read all the franchise books, that's all, they're all the same. No, you need to be, I mean, you are creating a, I guess there's a continuum and you are, you to be successful are one step south, one step south of company owned, right? So technically, yes, cause you're setting up LLCs and all that stuff, but it's, it has to be an LLC under your structure. It can't be right because of the laws and all this So you guys are, you know, you are very strict, almost company-owned scalability, right? You are, so other, like a franchise in school would be something like an Acton, and you should look at where Acton is. You're fucked if you're an Acton, okay? It's way too flexible, right? Those are, you are not, when people say, are you a franchise, you should be like, like, you should think of this as like it's company owned.

51:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's not.

51:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Well, sort of technically, actually, it's an LLC under us. So yeah, I guess it is. Right. And we have a very strict way that this is going to work. Right. Our platform is going to, you have to use two hour learning. They must hit these metrics. This is what you publish. Here's the program. We're going to bring you in customers. Right?

51:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

51:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Because they're not going to succeed.

51:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You can't take coaches and turn them into entrepreneurs and deliver the three commitments and all the stuff and have all the success. You need to be telling them the answer and giving them the structure that allows them to succeed.

52:01 - Unidentified Speaker
So.

52:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Totally you're gonna be like on the sports side. Absolutely, right?

52:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
They want it they don't want They don't care about the curriculum.

52:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
They're like, how are you getting me customers? Awesome. Just give me customers, right? What's the rules here? This is how you do it Okay, what are we publishing to the parents here? It is and then there are ones where you're gonna be like guys You're gonna disagree with this because it causes some anxiety with the parents But you have to agree to this.

52:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Like the two X and two R's. Right?

53:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
How many kids is gonna be You can use the homeschool version Or the, you can use the one we use for Sports Academy. Anthony or Joe. How many of these, you're going to set up one for 10 kids?

53:57 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
No, I love that. So I love exactly what it's doing.

54:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
The issue is just the software I'm about to put is a pain in the ass to install. It's total, right? Jamie, send me mail. I'm going to introduce you to Jamie, Joe Marone. He runs our homeschool. We'll get you 10 copies of the homeschool. And they have a little system set up to set up 10 homeschools. Schoolers, so we'll set up the 10 kids as homeschoolers. That's sort of our best shot to get them in the software.

54:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I would just go and help them out.

54:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And you'll get the, Jamie has somebody who can walk you through it and all that. How long is the camp?

54:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

54:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And what's the academic results he's going to do in a week?

55:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Nothing.

55:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
One week is brutal. You can't, right?

55:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You can't even baseline a kid at all. Depending on the kid. Your academic problem is that. Now, you can do an assessment that's going to be like your kid's three years behind, but you can't fix it in a week, in two hours. And so that's your, but you can create, what you will be able to do is do an assessment, right? Where they do maps testing. I mean, we used to do a week of math testing, right? Each subject is, a two-hour math test or an hour math test. So you spend the first week doing math tests for every subject. And so at the end of the week, you're like, OK, your kid's two years behind. And you'll be able to give them a report, and the parents will freak out because, oh my god, I didn't know my kid was two years behind. So you can create demand that their kid's way behind.

56:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But you can't fix it.

56:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

56:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And you'll just do then you just do like math you can do math and reading And it's good in a week is parents like the week I that's how My kids did a shadow week.

56:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And at the end of the week, they came home and said, I don't want to go to summer camp. I want to go back to school. And it wasn't the academics. I knew apps worked. That wasn't proving it to me. What proved to me was, oh my god, my kids love this shit. This is crazy. And so the kids, at the end of a shadow week, are going to have the greatest week of their life. And the parents are like, OK, I've got to send my kids back to school. And we have enough academic proof that even if your kid doesn't learn in a week, Be like, holy cow, this stuff works.

57:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

57:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

57:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's super effective. They get angry. But we fix it. Don't worry. And then we just show all the results. And they're like, oh my god, this is amazing. And then you have to have a reference, though, of the parent who's like, no, so Matt Griswold, right? But he, yeah, so his kid came in behind, right? And then crushed it academically. And he posts on Twitter, right? Back in January, he was like, oh, my kid did the map testing. Oh, guess he's behind, right? And so we have parents who are like, who else posted? Somebody else posted. Oh, Austin. Yeah, Austin posted. He's like, yeah, in January, holy shit, Oh, now, fuck, they're ahead. You just show them that, and parents are like, oh, wow, look at that. Yeah, so we're trying to build that.

58:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
We're going to get a set of parents just start posting all the results, and then we'll be fine.

58:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

58:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

58:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Correct. Exactly. Yeah, and the way this is where you guys need to bring the customers, because when you do the marketing, you're bringing in the customers who want your message. And so they're there because you're like, Oh, your kids gonna learn faster and do this and you you are bringing in the customers and giving them to the coach. The coach, in this example, is like, how do I convince my installed base demo? And he's making it up, right? Versus you're like, no, no, no. I went out and found all the people in the school district who cared about this. And they're here. They're going to show up on Saturday, right? And so we should tell them, because they came in here. And we had them do the survey. And they care about these are their top three things. And here is our marketing that does that. And they're new customers, and he's not going to know them. And so we'll be like, OK, that sounds, I'll do what you guys say. So when you bring the customers, they're going to be very flexible and listen to you. If it's their customer, they're going to be very protective and not trust you and not agree with you at all.

59:56 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
That's what I'm thinking over here. Right now, it looks like we have all the control that we need. Correct. Right.

1:00:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, it's your own brand and all this stuff. And it's just if that's why you guys have to, you know, your pillars were, we're going to go find all the $15,000 customers and bring them. Right. That was one of the big pillars of your platform and you Right? Because if you don't, you are hostage to whatever they want to do. Right?

1:00:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And that doesn't, they should go to Kaipa. Those parents, I mean, those coaches. Yes. Yes.

1:00:57 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Totally Yeah, so he's working through it and we're gonna get you should ask him exactly what his current What is current ETA on that is but we will get NC double-a accreditation So we're absolutely awesome. He he had it, you know it he was IMG. So he freaking knows how to get it He's been talking to him We have Cognia who loves us, obviously. So accreditation is not going to be hard. The hardest part is our curriculum right now is AP, which is more rigorous than your average high school. But we have to go back and basically do some easier curriculum for NCAA. And so we're just like, what is it that we have to go do and generate? You can't do AP bio, chem, and physics. For NCAA, you have to do bio, chem, and environmental science or something, and not AP. It has to be high school level. So.

1:02:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's good to know because it's easier to find some people that we actually have to bring them down rather than Yes.

1:02:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Our high school kids took the SAT, we'll know, but right now it looks like our freshmen will have the highest SAT scores in the state compared to every other school's juniors and seniors. Our freshmen beat everybody's juniors and seniors. Westlake and No, we have another we have a one of the high school kids is like I got a 1600 I'm like, oh, that'll be awesome Okay, but yeah, that's the So define, here's, you have to define the product, right? And then you put structure around it. And then you have to drive the demand, right? And find those parents.

1:03:22 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
This is like in Texas, when they want to buy new software for schools, or you want to put something in, how does that go?

1:03:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I believe if you asked ChatGBT to go through it, it will give you a really good answer, but the summary is it's a three-year process, generally, for schools, which is, there's this, you have to get eval, right, and there's basically a sort of February, March, April, right, where you can go in. And so, like most startups, if you're an ed tech startup, in general the rule of thumb is it's three years before you'll get revenue from a public school. You do an eval the first year, the second year you do limited trials, and then the third year you can be on a procurement.

1:04:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
For what?

1:04:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Is that for a three-year cycle? It's just whatever it's worth. So you have to do a three-year process. Yeah, it's a three-year process. So you start, and it takes three years. This is why people who try to sell to schools and ed techs who start school all fail. Yeah, they all go broke. You can't afford to. And then if you miss one of those, you start over. So if you do the things, and then you're pilots, the second year don't work. For whatever reason, and usually it's outside your control, then you start over. So, yeah. There are very, very, very few ed tech companies who get funded by BC for this reason.

1:05:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's a terrible business.

1:05:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And they don't give you any money even when you succeed. That's why we're at the White House, you weren't here, but we're at the White House tomorrow, and I'm like, selling our stuff to publishers. We're going to run an XPRIZE to build. We'll give him the specs, build an XPRIZE, build something open source. Good luck, guys. Pardon? Yeah.

1:05:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:05:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:05:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So he's agreed to, if the government gives him $10 million, he'll run it. He'll run it. McKinsey's good friends with them. What? Totally, no, you guys can all compete.

1:06:06 - Unidentified Speaker
It's going to be open.

1:06:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
You guys are all going to be able to compete for the 10 million.

1:06:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And it's just gonna be open source and all this stuff. It's just I don't want our brand trying to get out to public schools because I think it's gonna be a fiasco. And I'm like, just make it open source. Anyway, they don't it's one there's no money. Because it has to be crazy free. So I don't want the brand risk and free. Just build one. Build open source software.

1:06:40 - Unidentified Speaker
We'll give the spec.

1:06:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Great.

1:06:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Great. Yeah.

1:06:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I don't know the answer to that of who's done any good stuff, but what time are you going to be there tomorrow at Spyglass to meet Jesse or? Sorry, I can't hear. Yeah. Okay. So the guides are going to be eight o'clock. They're going to be at spyglass. And so if any of you guys want to talk to guides or whatever, they're all going to be in a room at eight o'clock, you know, eight day tomorrow and Tuesday. So they've been doing stuff all weekend. So they've been, they were doing actually from nine to noon the you know, having fun as well. But tomorrow, Monday and Tuesday, there's no fun in the world.

1:08:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So ... We won't release it unless we can prove we can do 2X in two hours.

1:08:42 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right? So homeschool is going to be able to be released. Now, I have a technical problem on homeschool in that I need the new version that's easier to install. I have a Chevy install version that does deliver 2X in two hours. It's complicated and a mess because it's all third party apps. It's not all, it's not on time back. So I need the time back version.

1:09:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So when there's a time back version, Uh, I want to use Claude for Opus and Sonnet and Claude code. That was a much better, um, results and experience doing stuff, but I don't feel like we get access to something blocking us. I don't know what it is, but we have API keys. The API keys don't get us caught for, and I'm not sure what's going on. You don't have any idea about that.

1:09:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I don't have any idea. Really? So just, is it...

1:09:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I've been thinking about doing that, but I feel like we should just already have it without having to go through the card. Even the OpenAI, I can't use Codex, so I don't know what that's like, Just using the same old cursor with the same limited tools.

1:10:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Is there something that...

1:10:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I have no idea.

1:10:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I don't do any of this.

1:10:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Is there something that...

1:10:21 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Anything else I can help on?

1:10:35 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
If we have projects, if we have projects that we are charging money for, is there a specific account that we should be using to set up to receive said money? There's a strict thing that we have to set up. I don't know.

1:10:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I came a month late, so.

1:10:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Is it just, are we putting it all through EduPay, or how are we doing that?

1:11:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Do you know? I'm about a month away from putting the product up for sale. It's going to be eventually taking in money, so I've got to figure that out. The one I'm working on right now is pretty close to going out. Yeah. Is your nickname Botez?

1:11:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Not yet.

1:11:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Almost.

1:11:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Should have just done it like AI generated avatar.

1:12:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Well, first of all, I figured that being the number one chess trigger probably has some economic value. Yep. And it's probably worth a while. Totally. It's been a long time since we've been able to do this.

1:12:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:12:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's like, it's like, it's like, well, maybe so it's like, like, probably not.

1:12:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I agree.

1:12:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Like, not much less than, it's like, less something, right? I agree. Okay. But, so now, the way I think about it is like, instead of working for you, I'm just thinking of myself as like, working for the output I have like a lot of keyboards on the station. I have like a few people who like trickle in and out and I like interact with them. And then after I finish streaming, I cut the video into like shorts and I just like release everything. So I'm on TikTok, I'm on Instagram, and also I'm on YouTube Reels. And also I have a pretty cool slide. I guess one thing that came out is like, value of them. Because my highest, so the posting on social media before this, and my highest viewed videos were always like, it's just like, it's like a meme, or a cultural commentary, or like, you know, it's like more to rely on like Elon is like, the classic, right? So I'm like, well, I can do that all day. But I don't know, value and potentially get a lot more, like 70 million views in like a single post. I don't know how much that is worth.

1:14:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so the answer is not much. Which is, the way to think about stuff is, right, a funnel, when you talk about building an audience, right, the first thing you have to do is identify your audience, right, so who Who is your audience? And you need to be able to describe that. If you have a Twitter, when you go to your Twitter profile, it should say, follow me if. And you should finish that sentence. That makes it very clear who should follow you. Right? Say everybody, follow me if you're anybody, not going to be very effective, right? You are, you have to create a defined audience, right? That you think you are building content for, right? And, and so the first step is, okay, one, who is my audience? So for example, Austin scholar, right? She was like, I'm going to write for teenagers, because I'm a teenager. This was when she was 15. And then I was like, OK. She's like, because I can relate, and I'm relatable. And I'm going to write about teen angst, because every teenager, that's what they all want to write about, is their teen angst to other teenagers. And I was like, OK. And I was like, well, what are your goals with this? So the first was an audience. And then I'm like, what are your goals She's like, make money. I'm like, oh, do teens have much money? Do teens pay a lot to read about teen angst? Is that like a really good market? And she's like, no. And I'm like, okay. So she was like, okay, I wanna write to moms. I wanna write to moms who have money, who are worried about their teens, right? And I was like, oh, they definitely have money, right? And so then she changed her audience. And she's like, follow me if you're a mom, right? And a mom of a teen, right? And so then all her writing completely changed. Because she was writing teen angst to teenagers, and no mom wants to read about that. So instead, she then had to change all her writing to actually make it applicable to her audience, which is, hey, moms, da-da-da, this is how your teen's thinking. And here's how you can help them and write all these things and so that's how she built her audience and so Your content changes and she's like I bring a unique point of view because I'm gonna tell you what your teen is thinking right because they don't talk to you and I'm gonna tell you what they're thinking and I'm gonna give you coaching like of how you could help them and then as she was like As she grew older and she wanted to go to Stanford She's like actually if you're a mom who wants your kid to go to Stanford I can give you coaching." And then there's a lot more moms. Then when she got to Stanford, now she has 17,000 moms who follow her and pay her because they're all like, oh my God, I want my kid to go to Stanford, right? And so she built the value of her audience up. So when you think about it is, you know, and she has her spiky point of view. So it's who's your audience, right? What is, why are they going to listen to you? What unique thing do you bring that none of the other streamers bring? What is your unique chess profile that you're like, are you chess for non-chess players? Are you chess for serious chess players? Are you chess for whatever? Whatever it is. So when somebody reads who it's for, then you have to build content that's relatable to them and relevant. And so, you know, then once you have that, then you start building out content. Now, you can always post irrelevant content that gets you views, right? But those people will never go back because they're like I was here for the Elon Trump fight and you fucking are giving me chess bullshit and you're like okay well they're not gonna follow anymore right and so you have to you have to find the whole goal is you're trying to find the people who like your content over and over again because the only time the reason the audience is valuable is because they're going to give you money. And they're going to give you money not because of one post you make. They're going to be because you constantly are posting that content, right? And so that's what it's your stream of content that people buy, right? That's your value. And when you do slop, right, that gets a lot lots of views, those aren't good customers, right? Like in normal marketing, you could be like, these are like giveaways. You're like, I'm gonna give everybody $500 if they come to the Sports Academy event, okay? I bet you get a ton of people. Now how many of them are gonna sign up for your school? Are they qualified? And the answer is no, just because they wanted the $500, right? So that's bad content. Or, oh, wait, the equivalent is I'm posting whatever slot that creates reach, but it's not people who will ever come back for your content.

1:20:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And so that's generally worthless.

1:20:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So it seems like there's a tension between, well, You start with the single person. You start with the single person because you have to build your product for a person. You can't build a product for an audience. You build a product for a person. Now, then as you get more audience, it will evolve into bigger, but you focus on your single person. That's your sort of guiding light, your North Star. So be very focused. You don't have to worry about, oh my God, my content on day one isn't gonna get me a million followers. It doesn't matter, because you're not gonna get a million followers on day one. So just go get your first follower and then get content that gets you 10, and then get 100, and then get 1,000, right? Just start small start small And get all of those people though Whatever that content that you're saying you're building for right that one person go get those get that person Market size like a hundred billion watch her, watch her content. Yeah, so there's a concept in, there's a book that you guys don't read anymore, but it's called Inside the Tornado. Jeffrey Moore. What was Jeffrey Moore's first book in the 90s? That's the right answer. Fucking series sucks. Crossing the Chasm. And Inside the Tornado is the second and Guerrilla Games the third. And so Crossing the Chasm is the concept. It has a visual metaphor that helps you understand this, which is how do I own a market? But I start with one, right? And you should think of your market as bowling pins, do the bowling pin ones, as bowling pins. So the first, you have to go get your first customer, right? And you're gonna knock down that bowling pin, right? I got it, I got that segment. Now, you then say, wait, there's a little different segment that's, right next to the segment I am, right? And then I'm gonna knock that pin down. And then I'm gonna knock the other pin down. And then what happens is as you keep adding those little segments, it's like bowling where all of a sudden you get critical mass and all the pins fall, which is your big mark, right? But you have to start pin by pin in order to get it, right? And so like, so for my, like my daughter with her thing, she's like, let me go get parents who want to talk about apps. Right. And that's a small market. That's not all parents, like very few, but she was a domain expert in it. And so everybody's like listening to her, like, Oh my God, what apps do you use? She had credibility where she knew more than all the homeschool parents and stuff. So they all started following. Right. And then she's writing and they're being like, Oh my God, this is really good and they're responding and you know, she's getting subscriptions, right? Then she's like, okay, I'm gonna start talking about some alpha life skills. And then she added the life skill pin and then all these other parents are like, oh my God, you got life skills too. Then she's like, oh, I'm gonna do college. And then she started talking about all the parents and got the third pin, which was college. Then she did get a 1600 SAT. And she's like, okay, now I got the SAT bombs, right? And then, oh, I got into Stanford, right? And then, OK, now now she's interviewing all the people at Stanford about how they got it. Right. And now she has 17000 subscribers. Right. And, you know, she's on her way to 100,000, right, which is sort of her goal, right, is there's there's 50 writers on Substack who make millions of a year. Right. And that's her goal. Is to make millions a year and be one of the top 50 subscribers or writers. But the way she did it is bowling pin by bowling pin. And if she just said, I'm going after all moms, your writing's not focused enough to get that. But now that she has 133 issues and she has the credibility she built up over the course of three years of writing, right, she sort of has expanded her audience. And that's what you need to think about. Joe Rogan, right, I don't know if you guys, right, he started, right, fricking back, and he's like, I'm the Fear Factor guy, right? When I met him, he was the Fear Factor guy, right? And then he's like, okay, right, I'm now the announcer, right, MMA announcer. And then it just grew, and now you're like, oh shit, listens to him but he was bowling pin by bowling pin to grow his audience and then eventually you knock them all down. So you have to say whoever you're going you have to build content because what you're trying to figure out is the reason building an audience is so great is because it gives you feedback daily if you're failing because she would literally like write a newsletter on her first day and nobody would read Right? And you're like, oh, shit, this sucks. And you need that feedback of, OK, I have to change my topic. Her teen angst was a good one. She wrote one that was teen angst. And I remember reading it. I was like, wow, I'm so excited that you wrote this because I'm seeing as your dad what's going on in your mind. And it's great. And your mom's going to love to read it. I don't know if Elle's going to want to read it. Maybe your friends will want to read it. But I don't know who else gives a shit in the entire planet. Right? But because she's writing about what she cares about, not what her audience cares about. And she has to sit there and be like, no, no, what do moms care about? And then once you flip and you really understand your audience, then you're all set. And that's what you're going to have to do if you're going to build an audience, is who is the chess people? Why should they follow you? I don't understand. There's a bunch of chess people. What's your spiky point of view? This is where you let your brain live. What is your spiky point of view of why someone should listen to you? My daughter now can say, do you wanna go to Stanford? Fucking listen to me and I'm gonna help you get there. If you read my newsletter every week, I'm gonna have someone from Stanford describing how they got in, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna talk about the life skills you need, how your kid can learn really fast with the apps, and there's an identified set of patterns. Who want that and they're all happy to pay a hundred bucks a month, a year, right? They all pay a hundred bucks a year. They're like, oh my God, this is so cheap.

1:27:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So how does she know when it was time to pivot from these things that she specialized in to branching out to this next?

1:28:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's easy because when you're writing, you just write a new article and see, yeah, you just see how it performs. Right. And so she, she published every Sunday, So she'd publish like a Wednesday, right? And be like, oh, here's a life skill one, like an additional one. Like, so this summer she's going to add investing. So she's decided, you know, her long-term, because she's going to run out of the Stanford content in four years, right? She's like, oh shit, I aged out, right? And so she's like, the highest paid Substack people are investment newsletters. And she read Snowball and she's like, oh my God, Warren Buffett has such great ethics. She's like I thought all investors were like unethical fuckers but he's like a really good person and so I want to be like him right and you know and so any high integrity and all that and so she's gonna spend the summer trying to figure out do I like business do I like it and can I start that and so she's gonna write about her journey as a college kid to investigate is this a path and financial literacy and how to do it, and her audience, and she'll just publish those as extra. And she'll see if she, you know, how many people read it and do the moms care about that or not? And then if, you know, is that a, is that a market for her to extend into?

1:29:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I haven't started my social outreach yet, but now I'm thinking of a niche. Yes. Something interesting in this field.

1:29:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, no, that's all audience building is like that. So like, Like, you guys should get our Chloe's, you know, this is what all our high school kids do is, what are you passionate about? What do you really love? Focus in, write about that, right? We do write a passage, David Farrell's write a passage. Write about it every week, right? And you get feedback on whether your audience likes it and you, or you post on Twitter. And Twitter gives you an instant feedback and TikTok even faster, right? In five minutes, you know, talk thing is getting traction, right? And Twitter is a little slower, but basically in an hour, right, they can post it, you know, the one o'clock and by the time they go home from school, they're like, Oh, banger, people love this, or shit, I'm boring as shit. I'm saying nothing new. I'm bringing nothing unique to the party. If you bring nothing unique, no one follows it, right? If you're talking platitudes, right? If you don't have a a spiky point of view, right? Where you're bringing something unique and valuable, nobody wants to listen to it, right? Because it's boring, right? I already know this, right? I'm saying the same slop everybody else says, right? You won't get it. And that's, and so these kids, right? That's their whole thing is, what are you bringing that's interesting? And so, and it's the same for all, that's good product design. That makes your product better than everybody else's, right? And if your product's the same as everybody else's, how are you, right? I'm a streamer like everybody else. You're like, okay, you're screwed, right? No one's gonna follow you. Wait, I'm interesting because, and then what is that? And that's your spiky point of view, right? All these people building schools. I'm like, what's interesting about your school, right? And you're like, well, And you also then get into defining, I'm not something. And you're like, that's a really bad way to build a product. It's really hard to build a product. That's not something, right? You need to build, you gotta stand for something, right? There is a small tactic where you can be not something, but then it's very hard once you have that pulling pin to grow from there, right? Now, once you have it, you can then just go and be like, I'm pivoting, right? Like University of Austin is working on this, which is, they're the anti-woke, right? And then so that's their current brand. And they're like, shit, now where do we go, right? And so they're like, we're gonna be Stanford and we're gonna be STEM. And so they're basically gonna import a bunch of Stanford and STEM and, right? And be like, we're gonna pivot. But you're like, okay, there's people who are in the fight, the new president, you know, they have to fire their old president, bring a new one in. Right. And the new one in is like at war with the original people, because he's trying to pivot it. And it's hard, right?

1:32:29 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But they don't have anywhere else to go after.

1:32:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:32:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So yeah, no, they're, they're, they are absolutely when you pick a, they are the perfect definition of when you find yourself as an odd, right? How to how to pivot to be a four. And they're pivoting to be a four.

1:32:49 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's just, it's always hard. So. So with Alphonse, like in point of view of GoT series, you see that changing as you try to scale.

1:33:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's like, you know, you mentioned how like GoT series, Yeah, so this is, okay, we'll talk about, this is the advanced course around audience building. So the advanced course around audience building is, there's actually, and this is gonna be on, we're gonna talk Twitter first, but in general, there's, you have different messages for different parts of the funnel. This is, that's true for any marketing, right? But especially social media, which is, The message that gets you reach is not the message that gets you conversions. Those are two different messages. And so the key is when you go for reach, does it find the right people who then will listen to your convert message? So I'll give you an example. Austin is the world's best at this, right? He's phenomenal. Sloan on TikTok, anybody who's an influencer on TikTok is really good at this. So Austin, if you'll notice, take his thread this weekend that got millions of views, right, about Alpha. He starts with, you know, my kid goes to the school with no teachers, AI tutor. Okay, that is a banger. That gives you reach, because it's super controversial. Everybody's like, fuck that. Or people are like, that's great. I hate teachers. It creates controversy, which gets you reach. It's unique. People want to talk about it, right? And so he talks about it. Now, his second tweet is, the AI and the no teachers isn't even true. It's not what matters. Right? And literally all the rest of his tweets are like, ignore that first tweet.

1:35:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

1:35:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And it's his conversion message is all completely different. Right? And he's like, no, the guides are the most important part. And it's the shit they do in the rest of the day with the life skills and you know, all that stuff. And so back to that is you have to be able to, Max McCorkel is the same way. She's, you know, the reason she gets on the today AI tutors, right? But nobody wants to pay $65,000 for a robot terminator to fucking teach their kid. They want a caring, loving adult that they're paying $65,000 for. And so you get, but you can't say, we have the world's best teachers and have Totogi put you on, because every fucking school says that. There's no spiky point of view in that message, right? So your lower funnel conversion can't get you reach right and so you have to be able to do you have to be able to that's the advanced class is what is that get you reach that gets you the right person now you can't say Trump fight because you're like that's completely unrelated AI tutors getting you people care about education and you can pull them down and you do you have to understand your funnel you know he got four how many of you We only need like 100 people to fucking sign up out of that. And you're like, that's a win, right? And so I need 0.1% of those people to go through my funnel and become a newsletter subscriber, pay me, sign up for my school, whatever it is. So you want reach, but then you need a message and you have to understand there's a difference between the two. So like Rebel Educator is a really good one. So Rebel Educator, you know, has a couple hundred thousand followers, and she's been posting about education forever. And whenever she wants reach, she's like, fucking public school sucks. They're ruining your fucking kid. You know, blah, blah, blah. The industrial school system sucks. She's a homeschooling person, right? And she gets eight zillion views, right? And then she's like, if she then posts, here's the four things you should do with your kid on an afternoon. To make their life better. 1,000 views. 1,000 views, right? Now, those 1,000, though, are awesome people who will buy shit from you, right? And so those 1,000 people are deep funnel conversions that you can sell something to. You can't sell something to the hundreds of thousands who are outraged about school, right? The same way the millions of people who watch Austin are not going to go sign up their kid for alpha, right? But the people you pull down, and then you're like, that's a convert message, right? And so for our physical schools, our convert message is, do a shadow deck, right? Do a shadow deck. And so that's your, right, those are our stages. But whatever your sales funnel is, right? And, you know, TikTok is the A good example, I was watching Ellen Sloan do this, which is, so Alpha has a program, 75% of the kids can go to the Ivy League, right? So I'm like, oh, can you create some content? You know, let's hype up 75% Ivy League. And they're like, that's totally not gonna work. And I'm like, I don't get it, why not? That's like a killer message. I'm like, on Twitter, that would go crazy because that causes clickbait. Because people are like, that's such bullshit. You can't have a 75% chance. It causes outrage, right? But on TikTok, they're like, this isn't going to work. I'm like, OK, you're going to educate me. Let's see it. So I watched them for an afternoon create all these videos that were like 75% chance. And they had all the message. And they'd show me the video of stuff that had gone viral and their 75% message. And it's basically the same as the viral stuff, except it wasn't going viral, right? And they're like, you don't and how the algorithm works. They're like, here's what happens. On TikTok, at the time, you had to get your video watched for 15 seconds, right? Because basically what happens is they post it to 100 people, and they see how many kids or how many people on TikTok watching for more than 15 seconds, right? And if they do, then they show it to 1,000, and then 10,000, and then a million, right? And that's how the algorithm works. And they're like, You don't understand that. Nobody gives a shit. Most people on TikTok don't care about 75. They don't even know what the fuck an Ivy League is, right? And you're like 75% chance, nobody cares. And so they all tweet, they watch three seconds and swipe away. And so the algorithm's never gonna get it past a thousand people, right? So instead, the way it works on TikTok is they're like, hey, high schoolers, right? And then all of a sudden, all the high school kids are going to watch and they wait till 15 seconds into the video and then like 75% chance. And so that way they get the massive reach, right? Because they have a horizontal message that everybody's like, Oh, I want to engage in the content. And then you start doing your convert deep into the video. Right. And that's how you get virality because you only have, you don't have a you don't have like on Twitter you have multiple tweets on TikTok you don't you have to do it in the first half versus the second half basically right but it's the same thing which is how do you get the message to reach a average high schooler is different than your convert message 75 percent and the difference is they're you know just but those those concepts are the same across whatever your thing is you just you're like what's the algorithm that is doing like Twitter three years ago is different than Twitter today. But those concepts are, your convert message and your reach messages are different, no matter what audience building you're trying to do. So you don't have to be like, what gets you viral content so that you get a billion views? But then what's your message that gets somebody into a shadow deck? And those will be two different things that you'll have to figure out. And a Twitter thread will be different than your TikTok thread than an Instagram, right? And that's all, like, if you just look at McKinsey's, right, on hers, right, she knows very well. I don't actually know how the Instagram algorithm works, but it's, you know, she does, and she's like, I know if I do this, I get reach, right? But then she does this other thing that's a story or something where she's trying, when she tries to fill a, when we do an info session, she uses something different than her normal reel. She posts a story or something and that has a different message. Anyway, but that's when you're building an audience, who's your audience? Why are they listening to you?

1:42:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right? And your messages are different, but there's still a lot, right?

1:42:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Well, and the best are the ones that I mean, they need to be aligned, right? Which is, they're not different, right? How am I trying to make this thing?

1:42:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Which is...

1:42:42 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Like a big one that like Austin Scholar did, was where she got millions of views and Elon retweeted it and all the stuff. She's like, the best third grader knows more than half the high school kids in this country, right? And she posted the maps result and showed it. And then lower in the funnel, she was talking about how apps and alpha, right? And so, and it's like, we realize this, and this is how our kids do well. And so it's consistent aligned, but you couldn't start with because no one's going to care about it. You instead, which causing it is third grader and 12th, you know, have high school. Yeah, it's true. Copywriters own Twitter and mentally they own the video ones too. Of what is it? But the part and the way to think about, I think of our educational products is I believe we are building 10X products. If you're not building 10X products, your shit's not going to work. You're not going to succeed, right? Build a freaking great product, right? One of the mistakes most people make in education is they build shitty products, right? They build super shitty products because they're like, it needs to be free because we have to save the world. So I'm going to solve it by building shitty products that no one uses, but it's going to be free. And you're like, seriously, really, this is your logic. And so build awesome products, right? And then when you build awesome products, you are going to have spiky points of view of what makes it awesome, what makes it 10x, right? That is going to be awesome and edgy. And that content and your marketing is just marketing that crazy spiky point of view where you've generated proof points, right? That your stuff is awesome, right? Because all the other educational products suck. And you're just like, oh my God, I have proof points. I have testimonials or whatever it Alpha parents just fucking post their kids' test scores. And everybody's like, this is unbelievable, right? I don't believe this is true. People can't learn in two hours. And then you're like, here are the receipts, right? And then, oh, look, kids, stick around and wait till you see our fucking Bahama trip. Like they sailed from Miami to the Bahamas, and then there was a huge storm, and they fucking got stranded on a fucking desert island in these fucking fifth and sixth and seventh graders like it was totally insane right right there's only a week so they lived but like the content that they're gonna be like that's gonna be posted people are like that's insane right that you allowed them and no they have these great ones where the storm was coming right I was looking at the pictures this morning I'm like oh this is gonna be like it's gonna cause such outrage because parents are like that is irresponsible those kids right and the parents who want to come to this environment are like, that's the coolest thing I've ever seen, which is, right, it's back to selection effects. The parents who want to put their kids, not, they're never in danger, and it will be very clear they never were in danger, but these kids had to deal with real shit, right? And so it was always safe, there was never, but you're like, wow, that kid had to go through shit, right? It's like when they went to Ukraine and stuff like that. There's a whole set of parents who are like, that's fucked. And you're like, don't come to our school. There's a whole others parents are like, okay, that's the kind of experience I want my kid to have. So anyway, but yes, so good hooks, good spiky point of view, build an awesome product. And then our marketing is just showing the parents this awesomeness, right? Robin Hood for kids. Nobody had, look, we're gonna earn money. We're gonna look at this. Get videos of your workshop where the kid comes home and is like, I'm renegotiating our cell phone bill. Give me a free iPhone, right? And every parent's gonna be like, oh my God, I wish my kid would do that at school. Why don't they teach that at all schools, right? And you're gonna have it, and then, you know, and you'll see the kid negotiating, if I do this, will you let me have the iPhone? And then there'll all be parents on Twitter who are like, fucking don't give your kid a cell phone, it's evil, right? And it causes controversy. No, and it's just all engagement stuff, and you'll find the people who are like, okay, I like this. Right? But it's an awesome product, right? We teach financial literacy because it's real money. And so you have to earn it, learn and earn where you do the academics. And I got the top 1%, I got a thousand dollars. And then it went into my Robin hood for kids account. And then I invested it. Right. And there'll be a set of parents who look at that and be like, that is an awesome product. I wish my school would do that. And those are your deep funnel people, but you're going to get a million Cause there's going to be people who are like, there's so much wrong with this. And they're going to fight with the other half who are like, there's so much awesomeness about this. Right. And then you'll get down your funnel conversion deep in funnel. It'd be like, here's the a hundred people who are going to give you a thousand bucks a year to do it for their kid or come to a shadow day where they can experience it. Right. So no, like the GT threads, like you should read the GT threads. I mean, there's so many haters where like, this is just, terrible that these kids came in third in the spelling bee. I mean, memorizing spelling words is stupid. Right? And there's a whole set of parents who do it. And then there's all these other parents who are like, I think it's super awesome. Right? And you're like, there you go. I've got a lot of spiky point of views, and I'm using the FR tool to rate them.

1:48:22 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So it gives me five out of five on there. Do you trust that feedback from the effort tool?

1:48:29 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's enough that I, the only way you do it is you post them online. The real test is, we tell all our high school kids, you know, you are doing stuff where real world is the only feedback you can trust. Chloe, who's our best guy, right? It doesn't matter if Chloe thinks your musical is going to be a success on Broadway. It matters if a thousand people will show up and then tell their friends, you should go to it. That's all that matters. Everything else doesn't matter. Build in public. Yeah, build in public. It's all build in public. Exactly.

1:49:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And you start, and you refine them, right?

1:49:09 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And you get better and you figure out the nuance and you know.

1:49:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah. From which one? Yes. Yeah.

1:49:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, and it's and you want your engagement around the core of your products, right? Because, right, it's, you can also have fights that are relevant, but you're like, you want them around the core of your product. Right? No, I love the hate. I love all the selection effect people. Right? And all the hate because of my guys. You're not a buyer, right? You're never buying my product, you're just boosting me. And you know how many people who are like, my private, and I don't even say, hey, stupid, do you understand there's other private schools where we're crushing, who have the same quote, selection effects at the same price point, right? I never bring that up. But all the people who send their kids to the high-end private school are thinking, my high-end private school doesn't do this, so this doesn't seem be a selection effect, right? They're sitting there saying, this is way better than my private school. And so they're my lower funnel convert, because they're the ones who are going to say, I want to do a shadow day, because I'm paying 40 grand already. And my kids not learning in two hours. And so then they sign up. Meanwhile, all the people who are the haters posted about selection effect, bullshit, this is only for rich people, fuck you, blah, blah, blah. I'm like, it's awesome. I got 4 million views. Office. Thank you. Because if you didn't, I'd have no views. I'd have no views. You need that. Right. This is I mean, obviously, either Trump or Elon are the world's best at this, which is how do I say something that causes outrage? Right. That gets me rich. Right. This way, there's a ton in education. And I'm like, yeah, they're not my customers. Right. This can't be used in public school. I mean, I couldn't agree more. I couldn't agree more. I'm never going to say that.

1:51:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

1:51:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I'm never going to say that, because that would cause them to be like, oh, he gets it. I'm like, no, keep yelling at me. That's one of the things that we teach in our online building class, you know, to the middle and high schoolers, more high schoolers, because we don't like the middle. Middle school is a little young. We'll have to figure out with your guys around that. But, you know, the measure of self-confidence Every parent wants their kids to have resilience and self-confidence. And the best measure is, can you take negative feedback? That's our best test to pass, is if you actively seek negative feedback to make yourself better, that is a sign you have both resilience and self-confidence. Resilience and self-confidence are hard to measure, and that's sort of a good proxy. Well, online is like the best way, because, right? No, I mean, they're going to hate you for totally irrelevant reasons. Nothing to do with you, and if that causes you to melt down, we need to work on your resilience and self-confidence, right? Because our best, and it's experience and you learn, right? And we have workshops where they work through it in a peer group, which is, you know, our high schoolers who do this get crazy comments, right? And so they have a little Slack channel where they share the craziest ones with each other, and they all laugh, right? They're like, I won the best one, right? And because they don't take the hate personally, right? They understand, one, they understand the hate actually gets them reach, and they're like, this is good, but they also know not to mire that it's, you know. But I mean, Sloan Price gets, I mean, crazy hate comments, right? And it's all personal, right? You're ugly, and oh my God, you know, and all those things, so you have to have before you post. So you learn to post among your friends first and build it up. And you learn to get feedback from all your friends. And you learn to get negative feedback. So all our kids have sessions where we have a workshop called where they have to get rejected. So they literally go out in the street. And they find random people. And they keep asking them and upping the bar until the people reject them. And sales kind Sales training 101 is a good rejection practice, things like that.

1:53:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Speaking of negative feedback, are you going to be giving negative feedback for us personally?

1:53:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
That's what I'm interested in. I want feedback. Yeah, totally.

1:53:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I absolutely will. I sent you an email a while ago hoping to get feedback on BrainLift. They're better now.

1:53:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I will, if I have it, I will do it and give it. It's the first thing of what we're trying to do is on the first round was give you guys your eval structure, right? Here's what matters, right? And what matters is, are you going after a big market? Can you identify, not just saying it's big, but okay, there's a million people at $1,000 that we're gonna sell to, right? Then second, which is, Do you have your good one liner, like it's easy to explain what product is, then do you have a brain lift with spiky points of view? Right? And then do you have goals right around it? And, you know, fundamentally, the framework that you want to look for is, are you guys building a billion dollar business?

1:54:46 - Unidentified Speaker
It's awesome.

1:54:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And if you are that dominates, right, then the second is, okay, I'm not, I'm not doing that. Yet. Right? And then it's, okay, are you, is there any possibility of that happening? Right? And like, are you even trying?

1:55:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:55:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And then, so that's where you get into the secondary measures of, are you guys trying, which is, is it a big market? Are you have good spiky point of view? Are you have goals? Are you working hard or dicking around? Right? All of those measures are just trying to be proxies for, are you building it? And if you're not, What's the problem? And that's what the eval structure is to give you that framework and just see where they are. And when I look at stuff, it really is, are you working on a really big problem? And a really big problem, the second question back to who's your audience that you're building? Is can you identify a customer and that they're going to buy something, right? How much you can charge and how many are there, right? And can you articulate that? And then from that, do you have spiky points of view around your product and the market where I'm like, oh, OK, that's a really good insight, right? Something that is, right? So like when we looked at Robinhood for kids, I'm like, that's an awesome market. I can absolutely identify billions of dollars, right? There's 10 million families in America who pay $1,000 a year, $10 billion, totally there for the concept of Robin Hood for kids. Financial literacy, I know all the parents want it, right? You win the top level war. Then the second is, okay, what are your spiky points of view about it that actually convinced me that your products and Because there's 100 financial literacy products in the market that suck. So what makes your product awesome? And can you describe it to me? And then if you can describe me in those spiky points of view, where I'm like, yes, that doesn't sound like any other financial literacy problems. Because every Robinhood, and Fidelity, JP Morgan, Private Bank, All of them have those kind of apps, right? And so your question is, how is yours different? And I actually know, I have one in my head of what Robinhood could be. We'll see, right? And it's, I'm gonna be measuring my thoughts against whatever their spiky point of view are. And then once we have alignment, we're like, okay, yeah, this is awesome. Then it's like, okay, are you freaking building it? How are your goals? Right? And are we building? So that's the framework for all this stuff. And that's what we're trying to pull people through. And so, and my, the feedback you should get is, which obviously have AI do as much as we can. Um, but I'm happy to on spiky points of view on the product to be like, okay, here's what I would recommend.

1:58:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So... Yeah, I loved it.

1:58:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Although, just to give you feedback, GTDad, is like, I will pay any amount of money so it's not, and I don't, Cocomelon? He's like, if we can make it not Cocomelon Slop, I would be very happy. I'm like, I don't know what Cocomelon Slop is, I'm sorry, but I will communicate that message. He is not the customer base. I'm just throwing one out there. Your customer base is kids are gonna like it, and if Cocomelon Slop gets kids to like it, it doesn't matter what GT Dad thinks.

1:59:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Just as a FYI.

1:59:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah, okay, great Yeah Yep.

1:59:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So what are the results you deliver to a kid that a parent is like, I love this.

1:59:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I will pay for it. You're going to build a product that they have to pay for. Why would they pay you for a product?

2:00:09 - Unidentified Speaker
What does that mean?

2:00:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I don't, I don't know what that means. How do, how would I, How do I know what you're saying is true?

2:00:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
What is the test my kid will pass after I do your content such that I know, oh my God, that's really impressive. So for example, your kid, what age group are you going after? Three to nine, okay. So your three to nine year old can't pass the test, the citizenship test that every immigrant in America passes. After they listen to our super engaging non-slop, they will pass it. Is that something like that? They'll pass third or fourth grade, some standardized civics test. It's all civics. They'll be able to write. And if you do that, where you can say, give them a test, they're gonna answer one in 40 questions. They're gonna pass 36 in 40 after they watch my awesome non-slop. And they're gonna love every minute of it. And they're gonna pass that test, I can absolutely get parents to pay for that. I can get governments to pay for that. But parents totally want that. There's a customer base, there's a million parents in America, and I'd have to just, for version one, there's a million parents in America who would pay between $100 and $1,000. I don't know exactly where, on that spectrum, but somewhere. So that's $100 million to a billion just with that first version. So if you can build that, then you should build that and you're building your audience should be that product promise. Not all the other ones you talk about, right?

2:02:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
They're just like kid entertainment.

2:02:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You're like, here's what we're doing. Literally parents, They've stopped teaching civics in school. Civics matters, right? You can't build a democracy without fricking civics knowledge among your population, right? Every parent agrees. We'll be able to get Twitter to totally agree with that, right? Twitter's probably your target audience. They're gonna believe that. So you could build an audience on Twitter on that positioning, right? And you're like, and we built the tool with song and music and Vail 3, right? And cool videos, your kids are gonna get super addicted to my stuff, and at the end of it, they'll take a test. And when they do, you're gonna pay me $100 or $1,000. Some framework will set a price, right? And that's how I go to market, and that'd be a totally legit, awesome plan. And then as you can then, back to the bowling pin one, and then we could start talking about, okay, once you have those million And you have all these kids who can sing a song, you're like, can you teach them something else? Can you teach them science? You got some science facts? Okay, I'll get your kid to the top 1% in science, and they're gonna sing their way there, or whatever. Totally. That's another 100 bucks, to 1,000 bucks for each of those. Anyway, that would be how I would look at it. You have to identify. Is what, you know, when you come up with product, who's exactly the customer, how much are they going to pay, because that gives you great constraints and boundaries to be like, okay, this is it. And then your messaging is all around that.

2:04:24 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And you have to make sure your curriculum actually does it. Right. Exactly.

2:04:29 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I would add I would you can Yeah, I don't know if you can teach math this way. Right. But whatever set of things you could teach, imagine, you know, I'm the education, standardized test, if you like, literally, I pass standardized tests, and your kids are gonna sing their way there, right? With cool videos, right? I mean, I think even if you don't have videos, I totally believe there's a Shopify for education, that you could totally get parents to subscribe, right? And they would all pay for Shopify for education and have their kids just like sitting in school house rock, right, singing their songs, but you're like the modern version of Shopify and video for education, whatever it is, maybe. Sorry, I keep saying Shopify, I meant Spotify. Yes, Spotify for education, right? And so yes, and so each bowling pin can be a subject, it could be a subject grade level. You could even do non-academic stuff, be harder to give parents There's certain things I'm sure you can you can do that, but the civics test what? Yet religion for sure total religion like always religion people fake shit tons for that Yeah, yeah Yeah, totally no there's I saw the one where Moses is an influencer leading everybody out And you're like totally right Totally no That's all those stories, right? The Old Testament via Bayo 3 and Song.

2:06:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
There's plenty of subscribers who would pay money.

2:06:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:06:28 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so there's two parts, which is absolutely believe that if you can do Kid marketing, right? Kid marketing is great because usually it's very viral. Kids share. It's low cost. Your customer acquisition is cheaper with kids if your content's really good. And so you can get reach with kids. The problem when you go kids is you then, there's a point at which you have to get the parent involved, And so then, but, and it depends on the age of the kid and all that stuff, can you equip the kid to then champion to the parent? Now, Fortnite did this great, where they get all the kids addicted, they play, they play. No parent approved them getting addicted to Fortnite. But then they're like, every kid's like, I need 20 bucks, mom, I need 20 bucks, I need 20 bucks, I need 20 bucks. I need 20 bucks. And the moms fight it, and then eventually they start giving them all the money. And so you have to create that revenue stream where the kid goes to the parent to keep using the content. And so yes, I would do it. But the one that matters, the one that's more effective is getting the parents to pay because you're delivering a standardized test result, an immigration test or fourth grade science, the kid's not going to engage because they're going to crush the fourth grade science test. They're going to be like, this is just cool shit, right? They're not, but your outcome that is the parents will pay for is the test. So there's a point at which you're like, if you want your kid to pass the test, you got to pay the money. And so I would try to start with the parents to make sure. But a juicer could be virality with the kids. But if you start with just the kids, that's not proving whether anybody's going to give you any money. And that's always your balance with building an audience, is you want to get to the point where you're like, I need to make sure that somebody wants to pay me for this. Free is very different than paid. And you have to say, am I doing something about it? This is why I hate the educational products that are all free. Because you're like, it's free. And you're like, well, it fucking sucks. But it's free. And people use it because it's free. Khan Academy hasn't approved in a decade. Right? Why? Right? Well, it's free. Right? If they had to freaking earn money, they would have to be on a better product trend than they are. Right? Free gives you an excuse to build shitty products. And I hate that. Now, There are secondary things that aren't paid but are indications of paid, like engagement. Like Khan Academy obviously doesn't measure engagement, right? They just are like, we're free. But they don't force every year people use it more minutes, right? That's not true, right? Individuals don't use Khan Academy more minutes. Facebook, when they were in their free stage, Right? We're always forcing more minutes, more minutes, more minutes, more minutes. So, which is engagement is an indication of you're going to be paid something. But free is not.

2:10:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
free in reach or not. Charging $40,000 for alpha forces us to be really good.

2:11:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Parents are like, holy shit, I'm giving you $40,000 or $75,000. We have our New York shadow day, on Tuesday, and all the parents are kindergarten parents, and our tuition's gonna be $75,000. And they're literally like, I'm gonna have to give you a million dollars to educate my kid. You're like, holy shit, this has to be good. Fuck yeah, it does. Million dollars, right? It forces a level of Make it great. You're gonna have to compete with Kipod, which will be free. Your product better be a shit ton better, because you're charging people four or five grand. But yeah, make it great. It's a lame excuse to say it's free. Because parents will play, okay, babysitting, That's fine. Really? No one's paying $4,000 for babysitting when they can get it for free. They're gonna be paying for this awesome product that you guys have. You're gonna be demanding. You're gonna demand your products way better. Totally unrelated, has anybody seen The Ballerina?

2:12:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Huh? Yeah.

2:12:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Good?

2:12:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
My daughter is like, this is Black Widow for John Wick. Is that?

2:12:56 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
The Black Widow's the...

2:12:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, it's out this weekend. Austin Scholar, she's back. She's like, let's go see this movie. She loved Black Widow. She's like, it's Black Widow for John Wick. And I looked up on the thing. I'm like, literally, the theater's empty.

2:13:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
This is your problem when you don't have anybody in your school.

2:13:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Because I look at that. Maybe it is a good movie. Who the fuck knows? But no one's in the theater, right? I'm like, that seems bad. You don't have anybody in your school yet, that seems bad. But when it's full, you're like, OK, now I want to go.

2:13:48 - Unidentified Speaker
You're like, sorry, we're full.

2:13:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's the social proof.

2:13:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes?

2:13:57 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yes.

2:13:58 - Unidentified Speaker
No.

2:13:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's supposedly the set of entrepreneurial parents, this is a good example of your first bowling pin, the set of entrepreneurial parents who would be the first 25 families are going to be down there, not Upper East Side. Your other choice are Upper East Side, or west side, basically. And those are all your traditionalists, right, who really care that my kid went to Dalton, right, Horace Mann, all of that. And your renegades are gonna be more the entrepreneurial ones who are gonna be like, okay, because they're turning that down to residential, and there's a bunch of residential that's going down there, and they're like the new up-and-coming families who would take this would do it. And the building they're in is like this awesome cool vibe building. So that was the logic, that's your thing. Now, once we establish it there, we absolutely, one of the things that is different about our business strategy is every other school has one location. And you're like, I don't understand, why aren't you doing this, layer Starbucks. Like, if your school is good, why don't you open some more? So we're gonna have, you know, an Upper West Side and an Upper East Side location. So we're gonna, right, and a Brooklyn location. Why would you not have four? Right? If there's demand, why would you not have alpha, multiple alphas, just like you have multiple, right, retail chains? And so we actually you expect that's going to be like, that's why we're going nationwide.

2:15:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:15:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Because you're like, you get economies of scale, right? And economies of scale are once you have a good brand, you're like, holy shit, you hear about this awesome school too bad it's too it's far that, you know, just like a Starbucks, no one's driving 30 minutes for the Starbucks, there better be close schools in the same way 20 minute radius. Right? Like, you know, GT mom's driving 35 minutes and you're and she's like, this is a pain in the ass, but I love my kids, but most parents will not do that, right? And so, but you're like, there's lots of places outside the, so let's just open them all 20 minutes apart, right? In New York, that's like, I don't know, four blocks, but yeah. So, no, like in Austin, right, you sort of have Westlake, right, downtown, And then you have like the domain, right? Total segment up in the domain of people who would want one. So we'll eventually do that. We're going to have a GT school down in Westlake as well as up in Georgetown. No, that's going to be one of the powerful things for Sports Academy, right? Because you're just going to have so many of them. Everybody's going to be like, OK, I'm going to go to Sports Academy. And that's how you're going to swamp whatever local single guy is, right? Once again, assuming you have the best problems, right? If you have a bad reputation, the whole strategy falls apart.

2:17:32 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
You've got to have that boss.

2:17:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, we have ...

2:17:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
There's a big push to have us open in Puerto Rico. There's a bunch of crypto people there who also do Miami, New York, and Austin. And they have to spend six months and a day there for tax purposes. And so then they're like, this would be awesome as we stay there, have an alpha there, and then we can go to the New York, Miami, or Austin campus for the other six months. So there's pressure for us to open Vail, Aspen, Park City for winters. The CEO of CloudFlare, who lives in Austin, is like, if you open a Park City, so, this kid's a skier, right? And so that's going to, as soon as you have that, right? Because there's never been a nationwide high-end private school, right? And so as soon as you have that, you capture all those people. And once again, the local guy can't compete. Yeah, they are. No, ski academies are a huge thing. No, the Cloudflare guy has funded a ski academy where it's shitty academics in the morning, ski all afternoon. Totally. Alpha every winter has sent kids to a ski academy in Colorado. And it's super. The kids love it, right? So now, in ours, we force them to do two-hour learning And then, but like, you know, they're doing avalanche training and, you know, simulating avalanche. They have to put their stuff up and they get to ski and, you know, yeah, it's super fun. And the kids love it. And it's, it's back to all the life skills. The parents are like, my kid came home, you know, so much more mature. Right. It's parents want the kids to experience these in this case, you know, rigorous activities that are seemingly life-threatening, but not they're super safe, but you know like the Bahamas trip or the Avalanche training, you know, and they're skiing and having fun Wilderness training they all love Yeah Yeah.

2:20:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So no, you're going to have all these niches.

2:20:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And the part of the issue with the two hour learning, not the issue with the benefit is you're going to be super fine to send your kid to six months of break dancing school. Cause like really eight years of break dancing, probably not right. Eight, not eight years of skiing either, but there's definitely, a year or two that lots of families would do, right? Three months, right? Three months of your seventh or eighth grade, like, you know how many parents would say, go skiing if they could, right? Or my kid, he's crazy, break cancer, sure, let him, right? And with the two-hour learning, it doesn't matter, and then you go to a different two-hour learning school that does something different, right? Your sports academy, they'll be able to, oh, you're doing soccer, you're doing football, you're doing basketball, right?

2:20:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah. Yeah. No, we've, we've talked about buying a mall, right?

2:21:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Cause malls are going out of business and literally you'd come in and just like all the stores would be different school types where it would be different afternoon activities and families every day. You go to a central place, basically a rigid two hour, you know, sit and co-do your two-hour learning, and then the kids can go to whatever store they want for their afternoon. Right? What do you want to do today? Right? And the kids could literally just pick. Right? Now, I mean, you need like a thousand kids plus to like make that work, but that would be an example of, okay, what an awesome school that would be. Right? And the parents are like, yeah, you do the two-hour learning and then whatever the hell my kid wants to do in the afternoon.

2:21:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:21:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And then all those afternoon workshops would be fighting on teaching life skills and making it fun for the kids.

2:22:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:22:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So anyway, back to this whole re-envision. Once you don't need to spend all your day in class, you're like, what? God, there's just all this shit. I'm going to go play chess this afternoon. That sounds fun. Right? Or I'm gonna go play some strategy video game, right? That the parents like, you know, there's a whole set of parents who are like, if you dominate this, like the Shopify CEO, right? Toby, he's all StarCraft, right? He'll hire you if you get a high enough StarCraft. Yeah, no, he's totally like, this teaches you more strategic resource allocation and management. Like he's like, if you're this high, you are eligible to be a Shopify manager.

2:22:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:22:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And so there's all those.

2:22:56 - Unidentified Speaker
What?

2:22:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Totally.

2:22:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
No, totally.

2:22:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right? No, there's all those. All the strategy resource management ones, right, are good training for management. It's all resource optimization and all that stuff.

2:23:23 - Unidentified Speaker
So.

2:23:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Go ahead.

2:23:24 - Unidentified Speaker
So let's talk about this.

2:23:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:23:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I know how many customers I've been getting. It's like some amount of traffic and I opened it. I know how much revenue I'm making. I have a house on like Zillow. I know what they'll probably sell for if I put a bar goal onto the market. I know like there's a demand curve. But if you open 1,000 out of the school, it's not what you get necessarily. Like, all of them build at a certain price point. So when you talk about the market, or the new product out of the school versus the market, versus what other people like a house or these like two different things.

2:24:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So I like to...

2:24:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, there's two parts. You're talking about a mature market versus a new market. Because McDonald's, when they started, is the exact same example as Alfa. I'm going to open this brand new weird thing called a hamburger fast food place in a city that doesn't have one.

2:24:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:24:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And they But they had existing ones that were working, and they're like, if I add new cities, the odds are if I make it very similar to my old cities, put them in the same good locations, then they'll succeed. Now, they would open some, and they'd fail, and you had random people do it, and they'd try different things, and it didn't work. But fundamentally, what they did is they figured out, what is the model that will work in the most cities and the most locations? And so when we talk about opening up that's what we're doing, right? We have Miami, right? We have Brownsville, we have Austin, and we're learning, right? What is the one that now in New York, like New York, we're like, shit, it's gotta be way more expensive, so 75 grand, right? And Santa Barbara is gonna be 65 grand, right? Because those parents really care about the location. So we're paying way more in real estate than we do in Austin, right, or Brownsville, right? And you got to pay guides more because it's just cost of living. So we're learning what's different. But fundamentally, the core of the product is the same in each place. And but our view is, yeah, we're gonna open up another 25. And we're gonna learn what makes it all it's not guaranteed, right? They can fail. But fundamentally, our belief is, yes, the core model that we have in Austin will work in other cities. Because there's nothing different about The cities in LA, the families in LA are very similar to the families in Austin, are very similar to the families in Miami. And so you're like, what is the same similar one? The same one like GT school, we're still working on the model, but I feel once we have GT working, you're like, we can open 500 of those. Like, I mean, what's the difference? If GT gets everywhere, right? There's nothing special about Austin that we're the only people with GT. Right? It's like they're everywhere. And so we just got to get this model working. And what's the message that convinces parents and the proof points? Like when we publish our GT school proof points, because it's been a year. So everybody's like, I don't want to go to your school because I don't know if it works. You know, there's someone just texted me tracing wood grains. He's like a big influencer on. He's like, holy shit, this GT stuff is like awesome. Right? And you're like, Oh, if you convince him, you're going to convince everybody.

2:27:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:27:09 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And so I, but he's going to be valuable. He, I don't even think he lives in Austin.

2:27:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:27:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You know, we'll be able to look at 500. So, so when you, when I think of markets, you know, there's nascent markets, new markets where you're still trying to prove stuff. And then there's mature markets, right? That you're like, okay, well, this is, you know, more more established, like when they opened a McDonald's. Yeah, you know how much. Yeah, this is just the difference being is there a risk? What's your risk profile on it? You can look at things and that's why you're trying to build a better product. It's like streaming chats. There's some people make shit tons of money, and some people make none. And you get to look at that and say, well, how do I build one that does awesome? Right? And what are the attributes? And then you, you'll, you'll be similar, but different.

2:28:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So the existing ones that do well.

2:28:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And your difference is what you think the market wants.

2:28:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

2:28:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
That's your spiky point of view. And that's, so it's not exactly But different. And back to alphas, we're like, our product's 10 times better than the private schools have been doing it for 50 years. Now, it hasn't been 10 times better yet, and we're still not 10 times better on everything. But we're getting there.

2:28:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And every year, we have more proof that makes it easier to convince people. Right?

2:28:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
mean yeah everything has a tipping point right of the bowling pin thing but like you know a good example is you know I was telling you how like I took the test scores and I uploaded them you know and I had a mom who's like holy shit if you had shown me that three years ago I totally would have joined out that's the most amazing thing I've ever read and I'm like well that wasn't true three years ago I literally pumped in the last of data, and that's why it said it. And so you actually have to go build the product. Our apps are getting better, and our academic results get better, and our love of school. Three years ago, I promise you, last year, Read's of our high school kids did not. They all wanted to go on summer break. Nobody wanted to stay. We didn't have Read's saying, this is awesome. I don't want to go somewhere. We had to make the product better. It was not there a year ago. Three years ago when I started, our kids were not learning 2x in two hours. We were not getting great academic results. So you have to improve the product. Our homeschool product six months ago was not, everybody's 1x. Right? Now, this last six months, they're all 2x. Right? We had to change, right? The motivational model sucked six months ago, and now it's good. That's part of it, right?

2:30:31 - Unidentified Speaker
You're building awesome products.

2:30:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And it just gets better. Austin, hi. It's gonna be a program at alpha-high No, that's another that's gonna be an awesome product Okay, once again price point forcing you to be great like holy shit. Does that have to be good? So no, it's easy to build shitty products education and actually get money for in the short term Eventually, it blows up. I could build a product for a high school that's do two-hour learning in the morning that is 1x learning, in two hours do 1x, the same as any other high school in the country, and dick around all afternoon. I could totally sell that. I will not build that product. I refuse to build that product. Right? I refuse to build it. Right? We need to spend our time building awesome products. Right? There will be somebody who builds that product though.

2:31:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:31:47 - Unidentified Speaker
There will be.

2:31:48 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
There will be 1x learning products that come out eventually. Right? Well, most micro schools are like that. Right? Most micro schools are like, we do two hours a day, You learn 1x at best. It's actually like 0.9. It's not even 1x. You learn 0.9 in two hours, and then dick around the rest of it. And that's most homeschoolers. But it's dicking around doing stuff that parents like, whatever that is. I'm like, great. School choice. Do your stuff, baby. I'm going to go build this product.

2:32:27 - Unidentified Speaker
It's awesome.

2:32:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
We allow our kids use their two hour that they have set up at alpha.

2:32:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
when they go up to the ski academies. I'd have to check. It was actually, we did Colorado two years ago. We did Switzerland this last year. And we're probably gonna do Park City next year. Get all the Cloudflare kids. Other, anything else I can, so I have staff days, the next two days, with the guides, and you know, back to what, just so you guys, we're gonna go through every kit, right? And did we deliver the three commitments to every kit? And if we didn't, what do we have to do either this summer or be ready for next August So we can deliver the three commitments next year. So some of the things the kids are actually going to have to be able to do some stuff this summer with them. And others, we can be like, OK, we'll just make sure next year it's fixed. But that focus of what did we do on every kid? What did we do wrong? What's the root cause analysis? What's the RCA? And how do we improve it? And how do we improve the program? So that's first thing we do is all kids. You know and all the guides are measured on that so these are very Guides get ranked, you know Below meets or can be promoted based on those so they're very you know Not the ranking of the kids Yeah, yeah, so they'll be I There's plans for each one, like why? Kids didn't love school, why? Which of the three commitments didn't we meet? And we'll go through those. Did they learn 2X? If they didn't learn 2X, what's the problem? What changes do we have to make? Sports Academy has to change the program. Kids didn't learn 2X. And then, so that's the first part of just analyze all existing and deliver. Because back to our thing, if kids aren't learning 2S, it's the system's fault, not the kids. So what do we have to change? And that's true for all three commitments. And then coming out of it, we'll get a theme that guides will work on during the summer. Like holistically, what's our issue around, do we have a problem in L1 where a bigger percentage of them didn't love school. We're at 84% versus 96%, whatever it is. And the guides there will be like, OK, when we come back, because we come back August 1st, to put together, to finalize what the program will be for next year. So they'll be working on it to do that. Then the second thing we're going to do is we're going to do this whole, here's our 10x product. What are we doing? Independent of just, we're not just focusing on the negatives. We're like, how do we make this product even better? We look at, we look at the annual product launch, like an iPhone launch, like what's going to make this product way better. So every year, you know, none of you would be willing to use a 2009 iPhone. In 2009, it was the greatest thing in history. And you're like, this is the biggest piece of shit in the world. Right. And that's how we want Alpha to be. Right. There's this view that schools shouldn't change. And we tell parents, it's going to change every year. This is going to be awesome. And we're going to make it better. And so we're going to have a program of what's going to make Alpha better. So in August, you know, we have two weeks, school starts like the 15th. So it's like intense in the two weeks to finalize everything and sort of our product launch. So that then August 15th, we're like this year, it's better than ever. And I'm hoping academically we have it all on time back. We're done with IXL. We're done with the shitty apps, right? We have our next gen learning where the kids are going to learn even faster, right? It's all powered by Incept. It's super awesome.

2:37:34 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And, uh, so to feed into your feedback, or is it like you weigh that higher?

2:37:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, well, so it depends on where the feedback is. Like, at high school, their academic feedback on the apps, like, 10x more than anybody else. Like, unless they're directly contradicting one of the best learning scientists in the world, we take their feedback. You know, third grade were like, yeah, okay. They're just, they're not as, but, you know, the alpha kids who've been here a while, I mean, they really do know learning science better than everybody. I mean, they're, and they know, you know, and with the right relationships, I mean, they're like, here's how we cheat the app, here's how we hack it. I mean, they give us great data. And so that counts really high on that. You know, what they love on life skills and stuff, total, right? The love of school how I mean we're like we do we sit down and we're like What will make you want to do this more than go keep vacation? Right and we just keep Pushing it right and we keep pushing it and it is our high school is obviously better than it was a year ago And this new like how to be a millionaire In high school project. We think that's totally kids are gonna be like, oh my god I mean they're gonna there's no chance any of the people in that program are taking summer break Like none, we're gonna have 100% take rate. Because kids are like, holy shit, I'm gonna be rich, right? And so, no, our 75% Ivy League chance, you know, we think there's three big pillars in high school. Money, Ivy League, sports. Is sports for now, Sports Academy eventually will get there. But Alpha's gonna have the other two. And for kids who want that, it's just going to be, right, they're just going to love it. They're going to be like, this is the greatest thing ever. Middle school, we're much better than last year. I don't, some learning fell off. Our reading was way down. This is, I'll know Monday, academics, there's two theories. A factual one where we switched from New Zealand to Alpharead. And the kids did fewer minutes. And so it's either A or B, which is either Alpharead's high-end articles were not hard enough. This is where LLM's die is the super high Lexile articles just weren't hard enough. And so the kids didn't crush. The kids were like when I said it went down, the kids were 2.3 or 2.5 instead of three point something last year. And so we cut off the real top end of the kids crushing it. So it's either the articles weren't good enough, or we We did such a math push this year, because our math scores went way up, that we lost reading time, because there was less reading time. And obviously, the people who wrote the LLM, the incept for the articles, are like, it's not incept for the articles. It's the kids did less reading time. The guides who are in charge of reading time are like, it's the fucking articles. Right, and we'll have an answer on that. Yeah, no, and the kids will, too. The kids will, too. There's a set of the ones who are graduating into high school that I trust to give me an answer, and we will listen to them. The high-end Lexile reading is hard. Reading is a hard one for kids to judge for whatever of a reason. Math, I'd have a much better read on. Yeah. Like they don't like the article and they dismiss it even if it's well read. So anyway, we'll figure it out. And O3 and Claude are doing too well it because we know because we don't do them dynamically. They're all static. So we're just like reanalyze Claude Opus, go reanalyze all the articles. And tell me if they're hard enough.

2:42:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
All right. First.

2:42:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yes.

2:42:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yes. We want them related to what we're doing. Yeah, I know Greg. Yep. Yep.

2:43:24 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And so I'm totally open to ideas like that what is the I Guess I don't know the audience of who's gonna be your AI who's gonna be in the AI summer Yep Yep.

2:43:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yes, I completely agree. Alpha related. Great.

2:43:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I, I would totally, you know, this could be a, you know, alpha program sponsored by alpha. Totally, totally aboard on that. Right? No, back to if people want to build NIL and all that stuff, right? Have two tracks, the NIL track for Sports Academy, the non-NIL track for Alpha, and have both of those, totally. Like that, 100%. We'd love to do that. And back to whatever the curriculum. And then for the kids, what would they want? If you think, if you go through it, what would they want at the end? What would they be super excited about? And that would help figure out what we should do.

2:45:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But yeah, I'm 100% on board on that.

2:45:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

2:45:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
This could be a total alpha thing, right? Where we're like, Alpha offers AI boot camp around this, right? So come to Alpha and do it. Right?

2:45:28 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
You're building it online for everybody and it's free, I assume.

2:45:34 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah, good luck. Okay, so I understand as monetization Austin Allred spent a lot of years trying to do that, and it doesn't work. You'll never, ever convince anybody that if you get a high school kid to agree to a profit share, that they should be ever bound by that. You'll never get society to agree. Ike and Austin thought, right? That was this whole Bloom Tech program. But that said, what I do know is if you've build that program, I will get parents to pay $40,000 for that program. I can monetize that program, not with a profit share, with literally just parents paying. This is the difference of what Gauntlet is. Gauntlet was, don't give it away for free and try to profit off the graduate. It's go get a company for the kid because he's awesome, right? That's the gauntlet, the differences, right? Because you can't get a rev share on somebody's income. Just the US laws are not on your side. The US laws are indentured servitude, right? And whether you think it should be or not, right? And maybe the Trump administration will change them, but the way they are today, you can't do it. But that said, we do have a system to do it, which is called tuition, right? And you can charge tuition, and you can give outrageous student loans, right? And that is all 100% legal, right? And so you can build an awesome business in high school to get parents to do this and all this stuff. We're building a program of how to be a millionaire, right? Alpha's gonna have that program. And if we build millionaires, we can charge $100,000 $150,000 a year tuition. Just pay back, buy the frickin' tuition, right? But the way to monetize it is not, I get 10% of your income. The way to monetize it is, you're paying me 150 grand tuition, I'll give you student loans. And then if you can't pay it back, I'll forgive them, right? But anyway, that's a business model issue, and I wouldn't focus on that if I were you. Go build an awesome product, and I have no doubt I know how to monetize. So if you build that product, we can make a ton of money. But I'm gonna be, Greg is gonna learn the hard way that getting 10% of income is brutally hard. Now I am possible, but I wanted it to be true. Austin wanted it to be true. But like every entrepreneur, Greg's like, I'm gonna get it right. And I hope he does, right? I'm not trying to discourage him. But I know how to monetize it in a different way.

2:48:41 - Unidentified Speaker
For sure.

2:48:42 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Well, on his end, no, because he doesn't have a high end school brand. Right? The value of alpha is we're a high end school brand. And parents are totally willing to give tons of money to a high-end school. Tons, right? That is the go-to-market, acceptable practice in America, right? If you are considered the best school, your Stanford or Harvard, people will give you shit tons of money, right? And if you have the high-end school brand, what Alpha has built so far on K through 12, parents will give a shit tons of money, right? They're literally giving us a kid in New York City to educate him, right? And so we have a monetization mechanism. The problem is for Greg is Greg doesn't have a high-end school brand. And it's very hard online to build a high-end brand about anything, right? And so I'm not trying to discourage him on the 10%, because he's like, that's all I can do. And I'm like, yeah, but let's us build the product, and then we have a better distribution channel. His fundamental problem is he is a shitty distribution chain. And so I'm like, focus on building the product. Yeah, that distribution channel is not going to work, or it's 10% chance of working, 90% chance of failing. But entrepreneurs should take those up. Greg should try them. But I'm like, I have a fucking distribution channel that has a 90% chance of working. So go build the product, and I'll pump it into my distribution channel, and it'll work. And that's a lot of these things with why, when we talk about it, I'm always like, where's the big pile of money? Where's your customer base slash audience? Then build the product, right? And people who aren't like that, product people are like, I'm gonna build the product first and then figure out how to monetize it. And you're like, yeah, good luck.

2:50:48 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And in education, that doesn't work, right?

2:50:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
a product and then they try to make it really cheap too and then you're really fucked right and he's doing all those mistakes it's free to all my freaking students it's free but then I'm gonna have this weird ass long tail of monetizing them as an indentured servant and intellectually it's super interesting right it's awesomely interesting you can go read bloom text original plan seven It will read exactly the same as Greg's. Now, that doesn't mean seven years later, you can't make it work. He just needs to research and interrogate the shit out of Austin and then have a spiky point of view that he could put down of why he's going to be different. But he's trying to take a product first, cheap product approach, right? Which generally in education fails 90 plus percent of the time.

2:51:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Here's what happens.

2:51:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You sign the kids up. They agree. They sign in writing, right? They make money. They're like, he's like, pay me. They go to the California courts and say, this is indentured servitude. I don't want to pay. The courts are like, you're right. That's ridiculous. You don't have to pay. Greg's like, you fucking signed a contract. California courts are like, that contract is invalid. Austin literally was sued out the ass, all his shit online. It's all around that. Why he's a fraud and all those things that he was, you know, all the negative shit about Austin is because he did what he thought was a good thing. He was trying to save the world, which is stop student debt. That's evil. Only pay if you make money. Like there's no one who hears that. And it says like, that's bad. Right. Unless you're the government. And then you're like, that's really bad.

2:53:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:53:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And so all the negative stuff about Austin was literally because no good deed goes unpunished. Right. And it was declared illegal. And you're like, how can that be illegal? And they're like, it is. And then as soon as you have done that and you have lots of contracts out there that are now illegal, now it's fraud, it's terrible, it's really bad. And that's what you're headed down on this. And California leads the way. It's a tough road. Somebody maybe someday will do it, but you literally, Austin is the world's expert in this, literally the world's experts. There is nobody who worked harder, spent more money, had more customers, signed more contracts, fought the government more, tried to get it declared legal, spent time at Totogi and all the administration and at the state levels, right? You're literally talking to the domain experts. He knows 100 times more than me. I just know the secondhand story. So when I hear it, I'm like, oh, OK, well, I have a great call, Austin. But I promise you, Austin's not starting another one. He's not like, oh, I made this one small mistake, and this time it'll work.

2:54:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Gauntlet is a completely different business model, completely different.

2:54:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And go look at the difference. His gauntlet is the top one or 2%. He's like, fuck it. I can't make it accessible to everybody. Right? Which is what he was trying to do with BloomTech.

2:54:38 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

2:54:38 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
He didn't have top one or 2% for BloomTech. Right? It was broadly available for everybody. And just let it available so everybody can get through this. And I'll be able to make money because then, right, I get 10%. It all works. Right?

2:54:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And he's like, okay, that doesn't work. And then here's tons of things that I'll just give you tons of things that are going to go wrong.

2:55:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right? You have massive negative selection effects. You have adverse selection. Right? So the people who watch it for free and don't want to invest, aren't going to invest the time. If you're not going to invest the time, right? If you're not gonna invest money, you're not going to invest time. Right? Now that's not always completely true. And so that's why Gauntlet has a proof of work. There's a reason you have to work a hundred hours a week to get invited to Austin, right? He needs proof of work because otherwise, at all the people who are like, holy shit, I can get a $200,000 job and dick around all fucking day, right? And if he doesn't get the top one or two smartest people, he's like, oh, I got fucking, I don't have to do shit all day and I'm just gonna get paid, you're fucked. Your business model will be fucked. You will get adverse selection. And so how do you stop that? You're like, I'm gonna IQ test the shit out of everybody and they're gonna work their fucking ass off, right? And if you're like, hey, I'm making this free to everybody in my audience, no cost to you. You're like, I'll try it. And then you know how many people are actually going to complete it. You know, your completion rate is going to be 2%. Right? So anyway, you have all these things. And the part about education is everything, lots of things have been tried. And so you can just research the ones that didn't, if you have one, you're like, show me the, LLM will tell you, show me the four examples of this over the closest. And then you should have a spiky point of view of how it's different, or I wouldn't try it. Well, it's just, if you can't articulate the spiky point of view, and there is, like, I interviewed a dozen billionaires, they all lost a billion dollars in education, and every single one said, don't do it. And I, like every dumb entrepreneur, was like, I'm different, right? And so I'm in education, right? But I can articulate a spiky point of view of how I am different, and we'll see if I'm right. But I could articulate why I was different. I didn't say, I'm just gonna do the same thing as the other 12 dipshits, right? I'm different. Greg should be able to do it. He should listen to Austin, figure out all the stuff, but then say, this is how I'm different. And if he says it and believes it, he should do it. But if he doesn't, then he shouldn't, right? But you need to be able to articulate the difference, right? That's why capitalism is great. Got all the people trying their different things, right? And if I fail, there's gonna be another fricking who's like I'm gonna try it and I'm not gonna be like the dipshit 13 people including Joe who fails because I'm gonna be different right and so it's so there are successful things right there are ways that can be successful it's just the common superficial views of education fail time and time again and people use a framework in education that doesn't fit, right? It just doesn't fit, but they keep doing it. Free products is the easiest one, right?

2:58:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Like disruption theory, right?

2:58:57 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
There's a huge disruption theory that works in high tech, and it's because you're not competing with free. But in schools, you're competing with free. Public school is fucking free. Khan Academy is free. There already is a free product. How are you gonna be cheaper? Disruption theory already happened and you're, right? Disruption theory requires you to be cheaper. And everybody's like, I'm disrupting the market, the low end. And you're like, how are you doing that? And in this case, Greg's like, I'm free, but I'm gonna monetize it with this super crazy, complicated, long tail. Just like Austin said. And the difference is today versus seven years ago is we have a really big proof point that it's illegal. And you're like, it shouldn't be, that doesn't sound logical. You're like, okay, well. I'm just taking a tried and true way, which is high-end private schools are monetizable, it's a proven market that people are willing to pay for. You're like, but that doesn't make it accessible to everybody. You're like, no. But it's a proven way to build a business.

3:00:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

3:00:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, afternoon ... When were you scheduling them on Tuesday? Yeah, I got 7 p.m. Super Builders demo day.

3:00:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah, we're done by then.

3:00:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
They have to get their rooms ready.

3:00:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
7 p.m. Tuesday, yes.

3:00:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Sorry, did you have more?

3:01:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I don't know who's in charge of it, but yes, for sure.

3:01:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I don't know why we stopped. Those kind of things she's asked for, those are easy and cheap. In the scheme of things, they don't matter. Anything that's easy and cheap, you should say, we will say yes to. It's the same, it's like giving you guys a rampart. Pace of delivery. That's why we're doing everything. Easy. And if you are, just feel free to ask. You got set up to ask, but just feel free to ask. Any questions? I feel like lots of people wanted to ask that question, but they tasked you with it. I'm like, feel free. Feel free for any of you who have those asks. Feel free to make them.

3:02:21 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
If not, I don't.

3:02:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Don't be scared to ask if that's what's there. Yeah, for sure. All right, lunch. No, so anything you guys have like that, that makes your day you're super happy about like, ask for it. Ask for it. Those are Those are low-cost, community-building things that are really valuable. The same way, like whatever one you were asking about, Opus or Cursor or whatever, I'm like, yes, we should have LLMs, whatever it is. I agree, we should have AI. These have AI. Okay, anything else? Okay, I'm going to go watch that.

3:03:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I'll let you know how bad it is.

3:03:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
No, totally.

3:03:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's the, you have to. And my daughter's the target audience, because she's like, it's like Black Widow, because she doesn't like the John Wick ones, because they're too, I mean, she does, but they're a little too much. And she's like, but a female will get the ballerina. They've lost me.

3:03:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
If it wasn't her, I wasn't going to the movie.

3:03:56 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
All right.

3:03:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
See you guys.