Meet Meeting
Sun, Jul 20, 2025

0:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
This is what I've been fighting with all the branding people, which is, they're like, Time Back is such a better brand than 2-Hour Learning. Like, Time Back is not descriptive enough. And when you're educating people on something new, it should be description. 2-Hour Learning, every second, ah. And now, plus, those issues are like, what do you do the rest of the day? Like, you sit at home, and they don't think it's real school. But back to our phrase now, every kid's been contracted for two hours, right? And so there'll be a two-hour learning website and those kind of things. But it's not. A year ago, when we set up the two-hour learning website, we thought two-hour learning would be the platform. But then all the other schools are two-hour learning schools. So that was our goal. Then we're like, OK, let's move it to time back. It's more friendly. Give the kids their time back. Some motivational model in there, which we think is important, and it's better branding. And now I'm like, fucking alpha is so fucking powerful. You're just like, well, it's like an alpha, like, I mean, fundamentally, we're like, oh, alpha is AI, it's two hour learning, right? So it's all lucky. But the brand that has And so the real answer is just press alpha, even though it will become this. It's like, what the fuck is Chachapiti, right?

1:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Chachapiti means effort. Damn, it's awful, right?

1:38 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's just everything, right? And that's actually good when a brand actually becomes in the consumer mind. You know, you can have one word in your head, you can have, There's one-to-one association, right? We make luxury import, right? You know, what's your luxury car? Something pops up. Cheap car, reliable car, fast car, right? And so Alpha is basically, and it's evolving, but it's like AI school, two-hour learning school, the future of school, high-end private school, right? The visionary school, something, but it's taught And so we're just going to press that. And I have to make a decision of it. When we launch Time Back, we make it like a decision about it. There's also financial issues of that, because I was going to have these two separate companies and different equity holders and stuff. But I actually think, I used to think I could raise more money on Time Back. Now I'm like, that's really not true. Like everybody would talk to people, McKinsey talks to tons of people and they're all like, oh, that's $100 million. Right, so there's...

2:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Are you thinking of rebranding Timeback to something like Alphaback?

3:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
The name Timeback will be there, but it'll be Alpha, Timeback's a division of Alpha, right? It's the software platform for Alpha. Alpha's platform or something like that, where It's the word alpha will be, you're trying to keep alpha next to time. Alpha's time. What about the other schools like GT school, Texas Sports Academy?

3:24 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Is their name going to change to have like some alpha? So like GT, like Matthew Bateman, GT dad always talks about alpha side of GT school.

3:33 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's like it always uses alpha with GT. It's like GT means nothing, but when it's with alpha, oh, it's the alpha model, but for GT kids. And so it's a demonstration that the brand value is at an alpha because he wants to keep using it.

4:01 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Right? Yeah. It's all fine for now.

4:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Every week, as alpha gets better, you're like, OK, it becomes more. It was like, we're going to have alpha, we're going to have time back, and you're going to be parallel, right? And now it's more like time back is going to carry. But we still have a few weeks to make those decisions, so we'll be watching the momentum here. But the big thing, it really is the 10 days. Just got to deliver stuff and be able to say, OK, right. We are shipping time back. That is the most important part of Alpha 4. This year, switched. Like, I want to go in front of the parents. So I'm going to get started with the guide start. I'm going to start doing parent dinners where I get And I just go to dinner every night, so I just, you know, I spend two or three weeks every night just repeating the same thing over and over again, instead of the different parents, but getting their Q&A and stuff. And talking about Alpha 4, Alpha 25, 26. And the core is going to be, we'll bring TimeGuy in, and the number one app is the ball. So parents, here's, why we're doing this. There's two main reasons why time back so much better. The first is goal setting. So you can literally come in here. Exactly what I do on that whiteboard over there where I'm like, just pick your kids percentile. It's whatever you want. Doesn't matter. Do a little e-mail. It doesn't matter who your kid is. Just pick. I want to be top 1%, top 10%. I want to be at grade level. I want to be one year ahead. Just pick. Right? And then Time back is literally just going to tell you, this is how many hours you have to go to get there. And if you do one hour of homework, how many weeks it'll take. That's it. It's just like, so it's magic, right? We just have this magic system now. And in order to do that, we have to switch over to XP, right? So XP is this fundamental system of how we're measuring every lesson and stuff that we didn't have in the old system, but it's critical to be able to calculate time. It's one minute for the one XP. And so our whole system now is based on that, so we can predict your time on XP very quickly. And those, as a parent, right, that's the number one thing you can do. Now, the second thing that your kids will like, So those are what you like, it's the goal setting. Number two, what your kids are going to like is regenerative AI. So we are generating custom lesson plans and custom lessons for your kid. Like that's the breakthrough. And we'll show like the TeachTales equipment app, Alpha Read, where we generate the story, but TeachTales is the one that, you know, where you generate the whole stories for the kids to chill.com.

7:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
We'll show that.

7:24 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And so that, you know, allows it and is our platform for the future, where you're going to be just generating specific content. We'll also have updates to the vision model.

7:45 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And so that's the guide at first. Yes.

7:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so that's the time back one. I'm trying to think, oh, and then, you know, so that you already care about that, which is custom lessons. Second, on our math approach, right? You know, K through three is all about learning the basics to fluency. Like, it's just, it's totally abandoned. Last year we put in some fast math stuff, you know, and our scores went way up as soon as you did. And the learning science is really clear. And apps like iExcel and stuff just don't do this. And so with our video games, our fast math video games. So we'll probably, K through three is probably gonna be synthesis math with fast math video games. And then fourth grade up will be math academy and remedial video games for those who transfer in and have learned fast math. And we'll just be like, Video games, fast map video games, will be a big bang for the parents. We're like, your kid's going to play a video game, and just frickin' literally, their IQ's going to go up. With IQ equivalent problems, would they get solved? So parents would love that.

9:09 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
As well, on the academic side, What are the plans for the platform beyond class, say, XT? Are there plans to incorporate everything, like the life skills and maybe the alpha handling? Or is that something that we're going to continue to handle on apps?

9:38 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So, yes, the TechVac platform will be extended so you can put in running the rest of the school. And so there'll be those as well. But when we talk about it with parents, it's mostly about the academic side for now. But yes, the Strata platform is going to be built on Time Back that allows you to do more school stuff.

10:09 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Chuck Charles and all those other folks.

10:13 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
The Time Back. We also, we're probably going to be reading dash time back. So you just go to timeback.timeback.com. Instead of dash, stop, whatever, dot com, alpha.com. What is it now? Dash.alpha.com. But we'll make it time back. So you just go to the, and it's the, you know, all your kids are learning plans.

10:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
In that, you can get their check chart scores.

10:41 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, there'll be a line that we have between Time Back for Learning and what I consider Shopify for Microschools. Strata class, figure out exactly. But it'll all be running off the same database. Right, but there'll be, okay, here's the Time Back software side, but here's running the Microschool functionality. Which is a little different, you know, we'll see how much commonality you can have between what an alpha school is or a physical school is. All right, we have our whole admissions system, which is a different stack now that we're figuring out.

11:24 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Yeah, I'm trying to understand, like, how much the, say, the database part of it, because everything's kind of tied back, right? There's the database back end, also, like, the thing that the parents see, like, the dashboard. Yeah. And so I'm working on, alpha thing, which is to manage the alphas of jobs. So I talked to the AU Studio guys, and they agreed that that's sort of something that, right now, is being handled on my own database. And I'm just curious to have an idea for the medium term, if that's something that would be added to the dynamics, or if it's going to be still a separate thing.

12:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Have you decided on that?

12:07 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, we haven't decided exactly where that's going to be. But there's going to be the time back learning. And then there's going to be the school functionality on top of it. And there'll be a set of things that Alpha wants. There's a set of things that Strata Micro Schools want. If there's common things, we can put that in a common platform. If there are specific things, we'll keep those in our specific Alpha versus Strata. But right now, that's not the plan.

12:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

12:36 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
If you need to keep separate for now, you know, we're building a separate stuff right now.

12:47 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Right.

12:47 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Great question about me, but what percentage to be the mom is the, like I said, make fun of it.

12:59 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
That goes, that goes long.

13:03 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
But the moms are very safe.

13:06 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
No, it's and it's a, it's an interesting why two hours, two hours a century. Right. In general, if we're going to make stereotypes, you're going to get moms care about safety, wrapping their kid in love, not stressing too hard, making sure their kids happy, relationships, socialization, all of that. Dads generally are more geared towards achievement, excellence, all of that. So moms drive, excuse me, where they want it. So even if a dad gets booked, oh my God, I want my kid to do really well. Do you want sports? Oh my God, I think it'd be fucking awesome. The moms would be like, okay, so we're the classmates, right? How do I know you're not gonna push my kid too hard? How do I know that they're gonna be safe at this school? So that's your- Well, no, it's just, it's, you know, and it's the difference, it's why I'm not the face of it and why, like, I'm talking to the best, like, the best, Peter Atiyah, because those audiences are bailouts, right? And, like, Christian Williamson did, McKinsey was on the podcast on Friday, and he originally had dinner with him, And he's like, oh, you got the other podcast. I'm like, no, this is back when I was a kid. But then even after I was like, McKinsey's going to be a hundred times better, right, on the audience. Because he has a mixed audience, right? And, you know, a mom talking about a school that she built for her kids is infinitely better than me talking about learning. Right now, you'll happen to like it, all like it, the learning science. Peter T is going to totally, right, talk about the learning science, because he loves the learning science.

15:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Right? But that's sure. And going back to the grand point of Alpha, it's now so hard to get to our main agenda. We can't afford the vaccine. It would be very uncomfortable. So we're going to have a conversation with the parents. All in the last two or three or four weeks of this. Or they might consider going to the office. Yeah. And they seem to be dependent in terms of the amount of time support they have. So from our perspective, it seems like maybe an all-around outcome is going to be expensive for a lot of the students.

15:40 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Yeah. Kind of acts like that. That's what JT said. They're like, oh, it's the office, for example. You're like, yeah, it's just the alpha stuff. Because the alpha has a brain in it.

15:55 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Because two-hour learning doesn't have a brain.

15:58 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Time-back does not have a brain. Alpha has a brain. Yeah, so when I was coming in, is there anything back to delivery of, you know, we have 10 days to go time? On the stuff that I can help on or questions or things you guys need. So for the TSA map.

16:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

16:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Right now, yeah, going back to the conversation with Andre, we're actually just putting it all on time guide. Okay. So we can, you know.

16:31 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Don't let, no, keep going. Yeah, yeah.

16:34 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So I guess right now what we're trying to do is calculate grid prediction. Because I think, one of our spike GPOBs is that like each Or a coach should have one metric around every single thing that they need to success over. If you give them too many metrics, then that just defeats the purpose. So for stellar learning, our metric is going to be just rippage. Or for academics, it's going to be rippage. Like, how likely is the student to hit 2x for each of the subjects? And then average those into one overall rippage score. So when you're calculating, like, do they learn 2x, do you weigh the different subjects differently?

17:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And also, you know, because you're First off, do not make it complicated. Here's what you should do. Have they done enough great lessons? There's two grade levels of content. You will be able to say one grade level is 1,500 XP. The other grade level, 1,600. It's the kid on track to do 3,100 XP. OK. Just that's your, that is just, there's, you sum up the XP of all the lessons. Like each grade level will have a grade level XP score. That should be a thing you get from time to time. And you want to do two gray bones. Anything else is false precision that is your baking show. And so it's just that, you know, and when you do your two hours a day, you know, did they do the two hours a day? It's just green or red. And the issue now will be, I have a kid who spent a month not doing two hours a day. And not finishing the lessons and getting up to speak right, but wait, how do you make it up?

18:54 - Unidentified Speaker
No sports, and so on.

18:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

18:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Well, no, so for a month he isn't doing the sports. But he's not doing the two-hour repeat. You've now lost one, but he's not doing the two-hour learning. How do you catch up? Because then you get back on track with two-hour learning.

19:20 - Unidentified Speaker
But he's still behind.

19:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Why are we waiting like a month to realize that he's so far No, you'll know every day.

19:32 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
But kids still don't do it. You can kick him out of school. What do you do when he doesn't do it? That's the question, how to motivate a kid?

19:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

19:43 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And so what are you going to do when he doesn't do it? Just a specific question. Do you kick him out of the school? If the answer is no, then you You have to deal with kids to do homework. And I don't believe you kick them out of school and fucking get over it. You can do it for a month, but then do homework, get a job with them, or whatever.

20:12 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
You miss the socket or whatever.

20:15 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
There's plenty of ways to do it, but you have to be on track. The two great girls were born, right? And so, based on kids' behavior, you'll have homework or some extra work there. Now, sometimes, they can crush the other ones in less than two hours. Like science, they can get through it really quickly. Like, they can use your science time to catch up on that. But it just depends on how disciplined And I just, I have a feeling there'll be some stuff. You won't have to worry about that until December, right? Not a first six month problem. But when you take the January MAPS test, you'll get some data like, wow, these kids are not in trouble.

21:09 - Unidentified Speaker
You'll know they won't, right?

21:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
And then you can pass them. Are there remedial sessions where the student can do it by himself? In a special place to get along with them.

21:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
The coach has to decide what they're going to do. Back to the behavioral models. Like in Alpha, we have standard school, two-hour learning, rocket ship, three levels. If you're behind, you're in standard school. So you've lost your privileges. You can't do all the shit. You cry to catch up. Now back to moms. You have to balance what's acceptable. Just get them going. All of you guys should be focused on it. Get people doing two-hour learning, two hours a day. If you build a culture where your sports academies, kids do two hours a day. If you don't do it, you don't get sports until you finish it, you'll be fine. That's the core. Yeah.

22:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

22:14 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Motion, right? That's just the core process that if you get going, everything will be fine.

22:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Because even if a kid loses a month over the course of two years, it's an XP, just simple XP. That's why we're just moving simple XP. Thank you, Chief. Thank you. Test sleep number, like this lessons for our opportunities. One XP should be one.

23:00 - Unidentified Speaker
It's a seven minute video.

23:07 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
seven xp wants a video you think the average person takes ten minutes to do this test. And you gather tons of data, right? You make estimates when you design the course based on a lot of data and designing lessons on the tape. Then you put it in production. The biggest issue, that's actually fine Figure out the XP is actually the easiest part of it. Your biggest issue with lesson generation is, do they pass the standardized test questions?

23:44 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
First of all, did you build mastery?

23:47 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And if you have to do rework, right, that's extra XP that you're putting in the system. Because if you weren't first time, right, it's just like a main faculty process. It gets to the end and is rejected by quality control, and you have to go back. Or that's all over you, which is terrible. You always want to make it first time through. And so that's actually where most of the failure in a lesson plan comes. It's your mastery standard is too easy.

24:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And a kid that does your lesson then misses the test, the question. That's the issue with content. What? That's the issue with content. Huge.

24:31 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Well, they don't even try. I mean, seriously. It was better, but it's got, it was like 10 hard questions. So kids earn XPs for studying, right?

24:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
It all goes well and they pass the test. The XP is a good representation of the effort and the amount of work. But if they have to retake things because they didn't pass, they're still getting XP. So it's no longer a representation of the amount they learned. So one kid might have 1,500 XP because he passed everything and has like 15 lessons. And the other one is going to have fewer lessons and the same XP.

25:20 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So how do we see XP in those cases?

25:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's no longer a direct method.

25:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's never a direct map, right?

25:29 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
What you're measuring is whether they know the grade level of material. 1,500 XP doesn't mean anything. Okay. It's how do you master something greater? And then how many XP did it take? Some kids take 400. Okay. And then you just use that? You just, you know, I did 1,500 XP of math. I've mastered 7 pretty quickly.

25:55 - Unidentified Speaker
But then XP's are estimates of what you expected to do.

26:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
But the estimates, you know, I was screwing around, I wasn't paying attention, and I spent 25 XP.

26:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

26:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Or I forgot, I wasn't really paying attention. Negative XP, right? I thought I knew, but I didn't. I got to go re-learn the lesson. We are planning to reward them based on XP, right?

26:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

26:28 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
So it's just like a way to incentivize them to keep grinding. Yes. It is.

26:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And you just, the problem with, you have to decide to do negative XP, which This is all game design and motivational design. Do you do negative XP, like Math Academy does? Or game designers who say, no, you just get zero. Or they have to catch up, but then you're not motivated. You're not getting zero. You just get zero. Or do you have some other mechanism that gets them to go through it, where they earn XP? Would you have a higher hurdle or a side quest? That's burning the XP on something. But false precision on all this stuff just doesn't. I mean, the waste meter is between 20 and 40%. These are wasting 20 and 40 trillion. So it means huge.

27:37 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Margin's there.

27:38 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
In a motivational model, for our last time, we asked you to come up with some kind of stuff that we already had with RIV and Austin. And we'll have the outposts for three minutes of time So is that basically for the manifest module we want?

28:22 - Unidentified Speaker
I sent an email on this.

28:34 - Unidentified Speaker
OK, here's what I got.

28:44 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Our motivational system. So my first principles, I don't know if you know them. They were sending, they want to send me something on the screenshot of a patient system. But students are in XP for academic work. They can turn in the XP for various boards. We need two main interfaces, three main interfaces, a parent interface where they select. Are enabled for their kid. Second, an interface for the kid to select which ward they want. And a third is an admin screen to set the conversion rate of XP to reward. 60 XP gives you $5 cash debit card, or 60 minute of video game tournament time. You just have to have admin screens, three screens. Examples of rewards. Screen time. Robux V-Bucks. Emporium.

29:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Funding their investment account.

29:53 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Funding their Alpha X project. Video game tournament time. Cash debit card. That's the list.

30:03 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
I guess that's it.

30:05 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
That's pretty. That's it. That's about what you got. Yeah, great.

30:12 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So $1 million. It's not necessary to go to the next page.

30:43 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Well, the way I set this up, XP is the currency, right? Then you're earning XP, and then you have the map over to each of the individual rewards. What you're saying is we're going to have a currency. Is going to match that currency. Right. And so.

31:19 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's not XP that goes down. The person has to.

31:24 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Right. So you earn 60 XP.

31:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And then it translates into.

31:29 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And so I'm totally fine with your system of saying we will have a currency. And then you just have, you sort of have two translations. You have XP to your internal currency, your virtual currency, and then a virtual currency to that list I just did.

31:52 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
That's not.

31:53 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Yeah, so when the kid gets XP, he, frankly, gets accredited to Alphas, and then he can spend the Alphas.

32:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And I'll introduce the exceptions.

32:16 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Bye. You're going to want typically, you're going to base it on three users of the active screen. You're going to want. So on the parent screen, you already have the parent screen, what they're going to activate to make it accessible to their kid. So they can have on that screen, you can go XP to alpha where they would. If only on homeschool, would they be allowed to change it? It depends on the user base, which is on homeschool, can change it, right? In a school like Alpha, guides are the only one, right? Guides, all like lead guides change it. And then the third group is who's ever running the program. So like the, when we talk about tournaments and tutoring, whoever's running that program said it.

33:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

33:41 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So just, you can just then we'll figure out our missions.

33:49 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's the ancestors.

33:50 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
But it'll be something that we want, people will want. In general, you just want whoever sets up the program, just sets them up. If that person asks to be able to build a screen, it'll be one to one, one explorer. Equals how many minutes a video game is running? You default to 1 to 1 on everything.

34:19 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's like screen time.

34:21 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Is it 1 XP is 1 minute of screen time? Or 1 XP is 3 minutes of screen time? But the goal of this screen, of the motivation model, the motivation screen, is to educate parents. About, look, it's exactly what I did with the podcast. There's all these different things of motivation that aren't money. Screen time, video game time, you know, that whole list. Privileges, like our guys give privileges on actually, you know, and we want to be like parents. This is, this, we're going to change school. Where this dashboard is going to be the center. The meme about Alphazolt companies, everybody's realizing it's like a motivation, it's not a solution, and everybody's ignored it. And you're like, oh, God, this totally is actually the right answer, and that's it. It's just a very simple concept that everybody's ignored, and it's verboten. And schools won't change it, but we will. And then parents will get into this and totally change it, and that's funding your Alphabet. About funding your Robinhood for kids accounts. Nobody agrees with that. Screen time. Every fucking parent wants to control their screen time based on the kids doing academics. Right? That's exactly how they want to control how much TikTok money they have. And it's a huge motivator. Like we did a project with a studio, right? To control screen time and edit screen time, right? And we need to ship that, but just not in my next 10 days. But it's definitely part of the platform. So if we want to show it on that screen, where parents are like,

36:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

36:12 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
As we launch Time Back, we have to have that motivational screen with the power. When you move, do schoolwork, get privileges. Screen time privileges, boring privileges, video game privileges. Money, debit card, privileges, whatever it is. That's what afternoon workshop privileges. That's the part that has to be built into time.

36:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Sorry.

36:50 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
I know you said that's complicated. Do you do you like look at rip predictions for your own internal use?

37:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, they're all bullshit Yeah, the academic team spent all this fucking time it's just Yeah, oh We just have more data like guys you want you don't care about the rip pitches you care about I'm finishing two grade levels of work isn't that what you fucking care about focus on that predictions are bullshit. Companies who focus on forecast and prediction, you'll notice I don't care when you tell me you're going to shit. Because all of you are fucking full of shit. And it's a waste of time to manage schedules and projections and all that bullshit. You know, there's one thing, get your fucking shit. And do students fucking use it? And if they do, great. And if they don't, I don't need to listen to your bullshit made up fucking excuses. Of why you couldn't, or why you will, and all that bullshit. Just look at their fucking, did they finish two grade levels of work? Okay, if they did two grade levels of work, they're gonna double their RIT score.

38:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

38:09 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
If they didn't, let's say they missed their two, their RIT score, let's say they missed it, and they haven't done two grade levels of lessons, what will you do?

38:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
You all haven't finished their fucking grade level.

38:25 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So it doesn't matter if you're not going to change the predictions, your action, your action should be do more lessons. So don't ignore the prediction, focus on do more lessons, right? They're trying to make this false prediction of, well, what if the kid doesn't quite fucking finish two grade levels? Can he still in this weird days make 2x math score and stuff? I already focused on this weird thing, right? Just the core of what you want kids to do is get through to grade levels, right? And there's all this weird anomalies in maps that make it impossible because maps is based on what your percentile starting is. And it's not an equivalent distance. Somebody starts at 10 percentile has a different distance. Then somebody starts at 90th percentile. And so your prediction shit has to be based on the percentile starting level. You know how much fucking data you need to be able to do it by subject, by grade level, by percentage? Right? And they don't, the reason I'm sure there's some day predictions will be fine, but that's, but even that, it doesn't matter. You're like, two grade levels. What are you going to do if they're not done with two grade levels, but they are 2x the next year? They come back next year. If they get to the next match, but they haven't done the work.

39:59 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, they didn't finish.

40:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Like that's what these great predictions are doing is, what if they don't? And it depends on what fucking lessons you did and which ones you didn't. Is it a core lesson? Was it a non-core lesson? Because there are still lessons. And basically that aren't on the standardized tests, right? A test can't cover every fucking material. And so there are lessons that are core lessons that are more important than non-core lessons. So did you miss the core lessons or did you miss the other dumb? So how are you gonna write? It's just, it's a complicated fucking thing, but you're just like, just have them do all the fucking lessons. That's what you need to focus on that. That's the behavior you want, right? It's sort of like the kid can't dribble. And he's our point guard, so how do we get around that?

40:45 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 4
And you're like, well, why don't you just fucking teach him, you know? You have a nice thought here.

40:50 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
No, it's all, I hate all of it.

40:53 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
I hate predictors. It just, predicts your shit. You guys make, all it is is make up fucking bullshit why you didn't deliver. And I'm just like, I don't have time to listen to this. Right? And you're all really smart, so you come up with really good, right? And it's just like, ship or don't ship. That's all I'm saying. Are the kids using your software? Are they not? And if they are, awesome, right? So, this is Elon's whole asset. He doesn't ever talk about playing it himself, right? He's like, what did we do today? What'd you get done this week? What'd you ship this week? It's not like, why did you get it? It doesn't say that. It's just like, what did you get done this week? What did you ship this week?

41:38 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So yes, what are we shipping in 10 days?

41:42 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
In the next 10 days, right? So we have 10 days. This is why the daily meetings, right? What's shipping? I just look. Like right now, I get to see every day what is shipping, because that's what I'm going to have. The most likely thing that I'm going to ship to the students, to the guides on August photos for the students two weeks later, is what's shipping today. That is the most likely thing. Case of what I'm sure. The best prediction of tomorrow is today. And everybody has hockey stick tomorrows. So the most likely SAT score is their last SAT score. But yes, but back to what we want to start, we want to, we want to make for the, so back to stepping back, you know, the biggest thing we want to make for the school year is it's time back. This is it. Alpha 4, it's fucking time back. It's our platform. And that platform is going to be for the next decade, blow everything. Right. And we're going to show the goals app. Right. Look at that. Right. We're going to educate the parents on XP because they've never had that or like, this is how XP works. I'm like, kids will love it because it's gaming, blah, blah, blah. We rolled it out last year to high school, middle, middle, middle of all of my school was XP based. So it works. Now we're doing it to everybody. We're going to roll out our motivational model, right, where they've been getting, we're going to hit motivational model hard. We obviously are, just on all our messaging. And it's always been, we all know about it, but we haven't given them, look, you're going to have a screen where you can pick and here's all these different things. And over the course, as time back rolls out, you're going to have things like you can control your screen time. Right? In middle school, parents were like, Oh my God, how do I get access to that? Right? I mean, controlling your kid's screen time via academics is, you know, the number one feature request. Right? It's their unlock of like, okay, this is right. Because how do you decide how much And fundamentally, if your kids top 1%, you're like, oh, that's what you want, basically, a lot. And if they're failing, you're like, well, less. And so you're like, great, we can totally just tie that into our system, right? By the way, the AIs are getting pretty good at writing business plans as you guys try to figure out how we go to market and build audience. Like this morning, I was like, take two-hour learning, Build a Kumon competitor with two-hour learning, video game tournament time, using Twitch streamers, you know. Yeah, I think it was basically like that problem, like not more complicated than that. Kumon competitor, go. And then the business plan that came up with like Perplexity Labs came up with a really good one. Applaud for over this came up with a really good one. I had to Read from which was Go more detailed on streamer recruiting go to market You know flush it out, but you're like wow these are Good I mean the pricing suggestions they were making were you know they both came up with different ones, but they were close On things their comparison. They're like you're competing with 50 to 100 dollar an hour to So here's how you can get, you know, one hour of tiering time. They're good. They're getting good about building businesses. But anyway, so back to the parents. We're going to be tying back. Here's the platform. We're going to have screen time for all these other XP for other motivational elements. We want the video game stuff around that. So our math program right now is probably going to be synthesis for K-3-3 with math video games to hammer fluency, which is what really matters. And it gives It introduces what I consider the important video game concept and something parents would be happy with which is they hate fast math And you're like, you know, whatever we have to make it fun. Why do people hate fast math? American parents have been told that memorizing your multiplication is not required and harmful to your game And so no schools do it anymore Like nobody, I mean, 90% of schools no longer teach the multiplication.

47:15 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So last decade. All right. 12 times 12, 12 times 11.

47:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Let me ask a question.

47:31 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 4
What caused that in the past decade?

47:34 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
The lowering of academic standards and the view that if, there's a view of drill and kill. This is the inquiry learning versus direct instruction fight. And there's a view that you don't make kids do drill and kill. A drill and kill is bad. There's just that as a complete, right? Me, the parents, that drill and kill is looked down on. It's considered inferior. It's not higher level of thinking. Inquiry, inquiries where kids do workshops, and you can use a calculator, and all that stuff, which is the opposite of what learning science is, like literally the opposite. It's like the worst, it's the worst thing you can do to kids. And, but that's totally what, and that's why math scores keep going down. If you can't take that shit away, expect to do well, right? And anyway, it was just, and so we're gonna bring it back, but when the kids are begging, like video games. And synthesis is all the fun math. Synthesis doesn't have the rigor that we need, but we're supplementing it with our fast math games to get what we need.

48:43 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
You don't mind if I speak to you about what you're saying regarding business plans and AI? You've tried Perplexity and Opus. I think you tried Gemini or O3.

48:56 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Yeah, O3 Pro is really good.

48:59 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
as well. Gemini, I don't like as well. Gemini, I struggle. Gemini as an AI, I fight with constantly. So like when I ask it to compare the, you know, Archimedes math standard versus Common Core math standard, I hate it. Like, I like, I like Grok 4 is better. I like O3 Pro is better. I like Claude 4 Opus is better. Like anything academic, like no teacher on the classroom shit, like it hates our academic shit. It just, Gemini fights us all on academics. And so I don't get what I want. It's very judgy, judgy about all this shit. And that gets kind of passed on to the business plan or are you just talking in general? I'm talking in general, but I'm going to have to see what I'd have to go back and look what I didn't like, but it was just one of those language. I just, right. I don't, I don't, I always send it. Like I, I have Gemini Ultra or whatever. So I always get it like, I send it to all the shit anyway. But like, that is the one I fight the most. OpenAI agent is not super impressive.

50:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
What? OpenAI agent, the one they released on Reddit. Yes. Uh, it's been super, super impressive. Uh, for like just general research and it can like give you deep research, but it's great at like finding sources navigating websites.

50:25 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, the agent, I like that.

50:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
I believe, oh just on a segue, OpenAI has a really good plan which is they jump deep research and that's actually how they did Opal 3 Pro, right? They release, they don't release their latest model standalone. They only release So, O3 came with deep research. O4 comes with aging. And so, what it allows them to do is release new functionality like deep research or aging and blow everybody away and hide the true capabilities of their O4, their latest model. So, it's a great dream.

51:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
They're not their ships.

51:13 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So, AI probably told them. No, it's good. It's a good bundle that makes it hard to tease apart. So yeah, I agree. No, it's amazing how much now, like I was doing a bunch of work this weekend about standards, like pair, like Archimedes, this is random standard, math standard, classical standard. Better than Common Core. But I'm like, I need to understand this. And it used to would have been a lot of work. And now, like an O3 prompt, O3 pro prompts, and it just crushes, like crushes of exactly, you know, grade three, this versus this. It's super impressive. Academic knowledge, like compare the start, like I And I was like, compare Beast Academy and Artie of Problem Solving versus Math Academy, math. You know, and I'm like, fundamentally my view is that Beast Academy is DOK4 contest math and Math Academy is 133, DOK133 comprehensive, but not DOK4 contest math. And, you know, it came to I and gave me the analysis, the breakdown of it. Which is a segway is a very interesting thing to work with GT school. I was making a bet with GT dad and some other people, which is GT parents love a contest, right? So they're all hard problem solving people. And I'm like, I'm willing to take a bet with you guys that the average GT kid. Because you have a choice. Because right now, if you're a GT kid, you can't get grade levels ahead. You can only do contest math. That's what teachers do. They're like, oh, yeah, GT kids. Well, it's okay if you aren't a contest kid. Right? That's how you shut them up. And in our world, you're like, we'll fucking just take the next grade level, and the next grade level, and the next grade level. And kids, more than anything are so motivated by N plus 2 grade level. I'm in 10th grade. I'm in 11th grade. They find that way more motivating than contest math at grade level. And there's a small set of people who are like, oh, math Olympiad, 8th grade math Olympiad. But way more people, I believe, are like, 8th grade, I'm doing 10th grade. And before, they never had that choice. And so obviously the GT kids are skewed to AOPS. And I know parents care about that because parents all care about AOPS and contest math, because to them that's deep math. That's like, oh, they really understand that it's not this superficial level of math. And I'm like, we'll see. I'll make a bet that the average kid two years from now is going to stay on math academy and be years ahead. Rather than getting sidetracked in contest math at grade level, if given a choice. And I'm like, their parents will pressure them to be contest math kids, but I'm gonna put my money. So, and all the GC parents are like, fuck you, it's all contest math. It's like, guys, fucking focus on motivated kids. Like, no, that's what you want. It's not what they're gonna. That was the, but that contest, but I was like, helping the parents understand the difference. So I could like literally just prompt 03 pro and get really good answers.

54:58 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And a year ago, it could not. I just wanted to get really far ahead of my peers. So kids love being great levels of that.

55:12 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
If you want a great motivational kid, you know, like when, Kate called out the 3rd and 4th grader who were doing the same thing she was doing in 7th grade. Like, kids are like, I'm doing what the Stanford girl did in 7th grade, right? They are just like, I'm going to do what the kids love to do. Right? Kids want to be awesome. That's a demonstratable mechanism to communicate they have two years. No, one of the problems you have is if you're an IXL or Khan Academy and you don't go to mastery, it will let you advance two grade levels ahead even though you don't have mastery at grade level. And so kids are like, oh, I'm two grade levels ahead, even though they haven't mastered fourth grade. They're like, I'm doing sixth grade math, which I think is poison, right? But that took us a while to actually figure out that I, cause IXL, and diagnostic that promotes. And I excel diagnostic over promotes kids. Because it doesn't use mastery as a standard. And so kids get far ahead, but they don't have mastered the basics, and they get fucked when the test comes.

56:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
So is there some data or some learning science about what would be more beneficial for the kids who eventually do advanced math in college or master's? Or is it better for them? To go on these super deep math olympiad, math, or is it just better to move fast, complete all like tracks?

56:47 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It totally depends on what you're, you know, because the problem is, and it'll be interesting to see if there's just not a lot of data that I think will be the biggest source of it, which is if you're moving ahead, you actually are building a richer foundation with prior even if you don't do DOK4. By the time you finish CalPC, you understand the algebra of DOK4s, even though you never did the DOK4 during algebra, right? And so you're getting it, even though you're advancing without it, that you're doing DOK1 through 3. DOK3 of higher level math educates you on DOK4, right? But it doesn't actually help you win contests because just like taking, there's test taking tricks, there's contest tricks. Like if you're in a math Olympiad, there's just tricks and tips that you have that even if you're a really good mathematician, you don't know, right? And you have to learn that skill. And so it depends on, are you trying to learn math or are you trying to learn to do contests? It's just, it's not about, but I'm, If I had to pick, because I believe in kids' motivation, because the problem with Math Olympiad is you have a zero-sum game at the top, versus everybody could be two years ahead. Everybody in the eighth grade could be doing something like that. And so you have more kids who can win in my model than in the Math Olympiad model.

58:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Makes sense. No, we could totally crush it. No, GT school is going to crush all of them, right?

58:41 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
The issue is just we're going to bring in all that. I mean, it's just these kids don't You know, if you Read, it's our, our kids are 2X learning, right? Compared to 99th percentile kids. It's not 2X learning versus the meaning. Our 99th percentile are learning twice as much as other 99th percentile kids, right? And that's one of the keys of MAPS is that it's, right, your norm against your percentile, right? And so I actually, I, Back to AI knowing more than you and me being fucking useless anymore is I was about to text out You know private schools in general are about 1.2 on achievement and growth Relative to public schools and I was like, you know, I actually fucking I've never actually double-checked them. It's so on achievement private schools are 1.2 to 1.3, a standard public school, because of selection. They test to get in. And so in general, kids are 20, 30% higher achieving, right? But on growth, AI, and I prompted AI, I'm like, oh, is the standard private school, the highly selected, the horsemans, the dolls, are they 1.2? Two times growth. And it's like, no. And I'm like, no, not the Catholic schools, like literally the high end elite schools. And it's like, no, they're all 1.0. And they're like, because the selection effects are for the 99th percentile kid. But then at all the private schools, the 99th percentile kids all grow about the same, whether you're a forest man or any of the other ones. They're like, that's why crazy is because you guys are 2x at 99% right and that's where we're going to feed all the kids. All the kids going to MIT are going to come through our cheat sheets because we're going to give them way more content than they get right now. Do they win math olympia? They have to have that track and we'll have gto have the best track and shit. It'll just be like fucking fifth grade or whatever because we'll be just is racing through the content.

1:01:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Right. You're talking about the face of driving, but like, creating a word to add to your gears. When I talk about a visual model, we're thinking of how I'm going to record an aspect of that. We're thinking of a couple ideas of like, maybe the accuracy of that. We're also thinking of a factor in that. And then the parent's view of this you know, like their child's brain, thoughts, maybe like where your network goes wrong. It's not like parents care about how their kids are doing, they should care about how their kids are doing with the network. Wait, who? Kids don't care.

1:01:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Parents don't care about what? Seeing how well other kids are doing.

1:01:55 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Or like they like to see how well their kids are doing relative to others, but they don't care about them.

1:02:01 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Like to not align strength with them. Sure. For parents. Yeah, you can anonymize the other kids. Sure, like they want to know the rank.

1:02:09 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So I had kids grade jump to cheer. Yeah. Every Mark Perry dude signed out a list just to put a percentage. Not the name of the kids, but we knew the name of the kids.

1:02:21 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Yeah, exactly.

1:02:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Do you think, or in your experience, do you think it makes sense to have, let's say like a D or some type of time period competition? On the top of complicating stuff though, leaderboards like we were thinking about, you know, the accuracy, less speed, etc.

1:02:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
experience. I would not do anything for that. You can't have all the different dimensions. It's too complicated. Right? Just use, Math Academy has the best, just use the Math Academy leader. Math Academy has a great motivation model, which is, and you should look at how, like to move up, it takes a week to move up to the next category. And then you can fall off, right? So they subdivide it, which is, you know, they have their, 10 levels, right? And I start, you know, silver, and then I, after a week, if I'm on top of the silver leaderboard, I can then move up to the gold leaderboard. And after a week, if I stay on top, if I'm on top of gold, I can move up to platinum, emerald, diamond. And so that kind of mechanism, you should use that.

1:03:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So Rocketship students are both academic and behavior, life skill stuff.

1:03:58 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So there's academic standard, but to be Rocketship, you have to have the skill to take students.

1:04:08 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
To the other goal, silver.

1:04:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Just write the way they do it in. You're only compared. In math academy to people on your leaving. So you can, right, you have to have, right, what do you do with somebody who's in the bottom half of a full stack, right? They're fucking unmotivated. So you can create 10 smaller leaderboards and they can be the top of the smaller leaderboard and then move up, right? So you always are trying to ensure Engineer wins for the kids. You should look up, if you're going to do motivation stuff, this is all well defined. Always be winning. All the game designs already have all this shit. It's why side quests and video games and all this stuff. How do I engineer Because there can only be one winner. What about everybody else?

1:05:19 - Unidentified Speaker
If you're too far down, you're not interested.

1:05:27 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

1:05:28 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Other? Then the Trilogy stuff, I mean, the alpha stuff, the bigger picture stuff, we're at five elements of how Alpha 4 is going to be best ever. Love of school, you know, we're pushing super hard on better than a vacation. We're just building a school. That we just have to make every day. The kids are like, shit, I don't know. And so we're just going to keep making school that engaging around it. And so one of the things we're doing in high school for after school and weekends is we're basically designing, we're going to run basically Beast challenges every Saturday from 6 p.m. To midnight on Sunday. So it's gonna be basically a lock-in for high school kids. And they're just gonna freaking crush the weekend. There'll be $10,000 prizes every weekend. And it'll be all things around the Alpha, Alpha X, high school. So, you know, some weekends it'll be like SAT crush where the math highest, or language highest, or whatever, AP. So there'll be academic parts where you're using apps some weekends. Other weekends will be like, be an expert. So you have a whole weekend to be an expert. Others will just be big, build an audience, vibe code a video game, all these different projects and think it's gonna be like X Mr. Beast team producers live-streaming this slash creating a YouTube video out of it yet but just making it where every kid in Austin's like fuck I gotta do one of the weekends right you can imagine a video game slap tutoring internments then I think streamers or whatever, but every, we want to make weekends in Austin, like for high school kids, not to be, you know, the fun, most fun thing to do is go to a party and just get drunk, go to a football game. It's going to be like, fuck, you could go to the Outbacks.

1:08:15 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Again, we're going to just make it fricking awesome. That's our vector recruiting and just getting our brand out and what high school can be like,

1:08:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Just resetting everybody's expectation around it. And it's all going to be built on YouTube video. We're going to get ex-Mr. Beast people come up with challenges every weekend. You can imagine what we did at middle school, which is, you know, Miami to the Bahamas. Like, okay, we're fucking gonna do Miami to the Bahamas.

1:08:54 - Unidentified Speaker
You know, weekends.

1:08:56 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
You know, trip. Just all these crazy, crazy ambitious challenges for high school kids.

1:09:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:09:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, we want to try, we want to... Jack.

1:09:08 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Oh, you know, Jack. The guy in charge. It's like, fucking every weekend. We're not starting it. Like, what do you mean, two weeks?

1:09:20 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Let's go.

1:09:21 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Let's go. But that's what you should think about, right? Just let's just get those. There was a question that people asked in the chat.

1:09:33 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Are GTTs allowed to skip grades, or are they just for deeper and specific problems? What does skip grades mean? Just move ahead.

1:09:46 - Unidentified Speaker
What?

1:09:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
In the apps, we could obviously do as many grade levels as you finish. So there's no skipping grades, because there's no, if I'm in third grade, I could, I'm working on whatever material I'm supposed to be, which could be second grade material, third grade material, fourth grade material, fifth grade material, those kind of

1:10:07 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
So they can still kind of move and do math of advanced grades.

1:10:13 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yes.

1:10:13 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
We don't stop kids who are completing more material. We don't say, sorry, you can't do any more lessons today.

1:10:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
What are those kids going to do when they're 15 and they're finished all of it? They're going to fucking do eight.

1:10:32 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Well, first of all, they're going to be 12. So they will have finished high school And then in high school, this is all these things. All these GT parents are like, they're going to go to college. I'm like, no, they're not. They're going to go to Alpha Pi and do fucking killer Alpha X problems. That's what kids are going to want to do. They're not going to want to go to middle school. Kids don't want to fucking go to middle school. In eighth grade, right? In skipping grades, they don't want to skip grades. They want to be with kids who are in grade level two and bullshit. Now, when they're bored out of their mind, okay, I'll go with the older, whatever. But when all of a sudden, on your grade levels ahead, because you're in the apps. You want to hang out with kids who are going to grade level, right?

1:11:15 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
As long as they're your peers.

1:11:16 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And so you're going to want to go to Alpha X and be like, oh, let me do some shit.

1:11:22 - Unidentified Speaker
That's what I do.

1:11:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And we're going to teach them social skills. We're going to teach them how to present, do business plans, and all this stuff. And I'm going to be like, god, this kid really needs this fucking college level, whatever. Now, GT parents.

1:11:36 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
They're like, oh, I couldn't wait to go to college at 13.

1:11:41 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
I was never.

1:11:43 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
My college, my freshman year, they had to skip a couple of grades.

1:11:49 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's not like that. What? It's not like that.

1:11:53 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
No. One of the students became my roommate sophomore year. It's just, you can't. It's just, there's a maturity level. Just because you're really smart does not mean you're mature enough to go hang out with older kids. It's dysfunctional. It's a function of a time-based system that functions. That's why our system is so ready for it.

1:12:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So anyway, some guides.

1:12:30 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Right? How do we just make this shit better than a big movie?

1:12:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
A vacation?

1:12:36 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Right? Number two, it's going to be, uh... You can crush academics in two hours. So, we're on a topic.

1:12:43 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
We got it? Yeah. So, I've done all the stats, like, already. All the, uh... The stats? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They were like, oh, we're not the primary stakeholders. It's just... So, do you want to look at it?

1:12:58 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
No, you should present it at L. L is the primary stakeholder, and you should present it at L.

1:13:05 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Oh, what's the shielding beam, like, how do I reach?

1:13:08 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
L.demon at alpha.school, or you guys could all, if we have a bunch of apps to show, just go to alpha.i, and you could preserve time. You guys could all just demo to the kids. But L's the one who presents to Mr. Beast. She is the center beast, but they're all, go to school every day. So tomorrow, if you've got to show up at Alpha High, you can show up in their app. I know, like, I think Palmer gave the SAT monster one to them. So they're totally happy to tell you exactly what it is. Sweet. And I'm not. They'll give you constructive but critical feedback.

1:13:53 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Amazing. Dozen or so.

1:13:58 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Which relative to the school is still small.

1:14:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Jack is running. Right now he calls it nights and weekends, but we'll take it for better.

1:14:17 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's going to be alpha. Right, it's just, it's going to be alpha, extra, nights, and weekends.

1:14:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Really cool concepts, like no other products we can think of

1:14:29 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And it's just, it's one of those things, we're back to our whole thing. What do we believe? We believe we have to build a huge audience. You have to build a huge audience in order to build good business, right? And nobody does it. No school does it. Nobody in ed tech does it. Well, we crushed it. McKinsey fucking goes to the city and a hundred people show up to hear a talk and 50 of them chatted, well then 25 chatted and they joined the school. It's actually, we're over 30% confirmed. It's just phenomenally high numbers to fill a school in six weeks, right? And you know, back to the Hyde Valley and stuff, it's just build an audience, right? And for high school, how were we going to do that? Right? You're like, fucking tune these awful projects and fucking film them on YouTube. Live stream them and put them on YouTube as a 45 minute, hour, you know, session. And let's go get the ex-Mr. Beast guys. No, when I was at Mr. Beast, I was like, God, and I'm in this big warehouse. It's sort of like this wall and shit. And they're filming, like, the guy lost a billion pounds. Like, you know, just all the different things that I got out of there, right? Like, why the fuck don't we have abilities like this? Just do this shit. Right? We should just film. And, and the X Mr. Peace guys are totally the people when they sit and want to brainstorm ideas, like they were listening to what we do. Most often we're just And they're like, wow, those are awesome ideas. And then they would sit and talk, different ideas. And I'm like, these are life-finding individuals who, if we brought them in, would totally brainstorm awesome challenge workshops. I mean, that's what they do all day. They're like, let's do crazy shit. Let's bury everybody alive and see what happens, right? And I'm like, this is what kids want to fucking do, right? You want to do awesome art things, right? And that's back to high school. Standards and all that stuff. So they're totally aligned. The kids continue to be impossible. And kids want to do hardship, right? And I'm like, exactly. And so let's bring them in and, right. And so, yeah, so we're going to use it to build an audience, which once you do it, you're going to get every kid to be like, I want to go there, right? So as we do Alpha X, right, we have to change. High school is the hardest part to change. Like, kindergarten is the parents' weakness. But how do you convince high school kids? To change right and so you know back to what our pitches are it's like we have a great pitch you want to go to the IBD right we have a great IBD our honors track right and you know we're gonna have our how to be a billionaire right program and then this nights and weekends of just right it's gonna create at the day end And as we open up these 100 alphas, where the high school kids are like, OK, I want a good alpha.

1:17:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And it sets the standard of what high school is, which is kids doing awesome shit. Yeah, supply shortage. A lot of people are involved in this.

1:18:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's already happened. And this is it, right? I mean, how many kids are waiting to get a high school program that wants to be a millionaire?

1:18:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Right? In high school.

1:18:13 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
We're going to create a four-year program that's, you'll become a millionaire if you come to Alpha High. The tuition will be $150,000 a year, money back there. $100,000.

1:18:36 - Unidentified Speaker
$100,000.

1:18:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And we'll charge $150,000 tuition back to business model, making all this shit work. But if the money back here is here, it's like, okay, well shit, I'll either make a million or not, right? And so it's, and you're going to track how many people are going to want to do it. You get to filter and only attract the best, just like you have the IV track. So just the kids, like, Right now, we're gonna have the Ivy League track. You're gonna have, who wants to be a millionaire track? And then today you have IMG, which is the sports track. Tomorrow, it'll be TSA coming up for middle school. Not tomorrow, but tomorrow, right? And you'll have sports. And you'd be like, we're covering the zoning customs, right? We're redefining, All right, you're going to have this NIL-heavy program. I'm sure I do. Anyway, right, well, great program. No, I'm going to, tomorrow night I'm going to dinner with all the MLS owners. All four games here. Yeah, so they're all here, and they all want to talk about a Junior Sports Academy. So, you know, some message. So Eddie Marghain owns Austin FC. So he's having them all at his house for dinner. And he wants to build the academies that are in Europe. He wants to build those based on his capabilities. He wants to build those for a song. And then he's like, I got all the other owners.

1:20:39 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, they're all trying to figure out how to do it, but they can't do the academics well.

1:20:49 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
They have a harder problem because they're not willing to make the kids do the academics and not to the soccer. You have to cut it off and no one's ever. That's the key to get soft. That's the IMG problem. Will never say muscle-to-back muscles.

1:21:14 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
They always have sports-versed academics at like one year, three years ago, early time. Sports again.

1:21:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
No, we have to.

1:21:25 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
That's how you have to differentiate. Anyway, so yeah, so first part is love school, second you're Crush Academics in two hours. So it's all about time back and look at all this awesome stuff. We're moving into the next level. The third is our life skills. And so we're going to be explaining life skill. We're basically going to create, we're rolling out the five major life skills. Leadership, teamwork, entrepreneurship, financial literacy, relationship building, social So we're going to have. Storytelling public speaking great part. So it's 5. So we'll have that framework that. Parents can measure those on. 4th is our guides are 10 times our kids are learning 10 times faster. Third, these life skills, they're learning 10 times the life skills in English. Fourth is our guides are 10 times better than teachers, which is high standards, high support. And at like a high school, middle and high school level, we're introducing this concept for the parents, which is, you know, the anxiety parents have and the problem parents have is, You want to give your kid unconditional love, but you want to set really high standards. And that's really hard to do both when kids hit adolescence, because they're like, fuck you. And so our guides basically allow you to give up high standards, because the guides do. The culture of alphabets. And so as a parent, you don't have to nag right? And be like, Oh my God, are you doing this? He's doing this. Oh my God. Why don't you more? Cause that parents just want to make sure their kids out of lazy little shit. Right. And that's why they're nagging them, right? It's to get them on the right track. But alpha guides too, right? You, you can count on your alpha high God setting the highest standard. So then you as a parent don't need to do that. So you can have this great relationship with your kid based on supporting, right?

1:23:50 - Unidentified Speaker
And not nagging.

1:23:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's amazing when you don't nag your kid all the time, unfortunately, or they're willing to talk to you, right? And it totally changes your relationship, right? And like, I completely use this, right, with my kids, where I can totally count on Chloe. I don't need Chloe's help. I'm like, Elle, what are you doing? Stop dicking around, right? And so I can always just be like, hey, I'm Chloe, da, da, da. It never needs a nag, right? And that's an incredible thing that normal school does not do. Like that is when you explain that to a parent, they're like, that is 10 times better than another school. That is fucking revolutionary, right? And so we're explicitly allowing parents to say, you can be the supportive, unconditional love part of your relationship with your kid because the high standards part is covered by Alfonso, right?

1:24:47 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And that is it.

1:24:49 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
That is magic. That goes over every time you talk about that. Like when Kate is doing the tour and she can talk about that, which is, you know, the reason I got into Stanford was because of Chloe, because of my dad, right? And she was the one with like, your essay is not good enough. She's like, I really care. What Chloe thinks, right? The students care what the guy thinks, right? Because the guy builds this really close relationship, right? And it's a different dynamic with when it's a parent, right? It's the same thing coaches do today after school. It's why people do athletics. Because a coach has that same kind of relationship with the kid. Fucking win state, dude. Fucking do it. Fucking don't suck, right? Good coaches are both supportive, right? And high standards. And schools just aren't there, right? And so that's gonna be awesome on the high standards, the DR. Geiger's motivational lab. We're gonna talk about all that, which is 10x better than any other school. And then the last one's the hardest. We're gonna spend a bunch of time in the next two weeks trying to figure out what it really means, but it's, It is character, community, culture, classmates, cohorts, what you see that all mean sort of the same thing, which is what you really care about is your kid's character. You care about the community. You care about his classmates, culture, school, right? And we're finding ways to how do we articulate it all, right? The way you build character is through doing hard things with high standards, right? That our workshops and all the other things we do is what helps kids build character, right? If you struggle, fail, sometimes cry, or you're really just successful, it's how you build character. And we do it. Parents are always like, alpha kids are fucking awesome, right? And they see them out in the world. They're like, these kids are awesome kids. And so that's what we want. We're going to figure out how to articulate that with goals as opposed to just words. But it's something we're out there, so we're going to spend time. But those five things, like when you're trying to compete with Alpha, what is the next generation behind private school? You're going to have to win. All those dimensions. You have to start a school where kids want to go instead of vacation, where they're crushing their academics for two hours. They're doing all these crazy ass life skills. Fucking workshop, fucking crazy. They're like pulling, they're locking in from Friday night, they're not sleeping Friday night to Sunday, doing these crazy ass things, right? You have these guides for being able to stand that are like the best athletic coaches in the world, except making sure your kid crushes it overall. And then the character and culture and classmates. The cohort one is the best for GT school. Cohorts matter. Kids, being around other ambitious kids really matters. I mean, goggles is a perfect example of this. It's just cohorts matter, and schools need to develop, right? Physical schools, right? That is a part of education that needs to be enhanced and it's been diluted. We're bringing it back stronger. So it sounds like there's a lot of areas that are being covered, right?

1:28:39 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Like you said, all these that we have to, other schools that have to compete, academics, education, life skills, What about like physical fitness, health, like nutrition, exercising, apart from Sports Academy, obviously, how does that fit into Alpha GT school?

1:29:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So there's sort of health and nutrition is part of the set of workshops we do around those. So on, obviously, Sports Academy has it, but there's the each Session there is a workshop that it's physical at both GT school and out But it's one workshop each session not about regular, okay, so So that would be something that the kids would do separately like enroll in some sports if you want to be sports heavy Like after school when you can enroll in after-school sports and so now alpha is gonna get big enough by next year where we could start having sports teams after school. So I expect once we, sports is just a scale of size, right? It's a function of size. And so when you're small, you should just go work be on club teams. Once you get big enough, you can have your own teams. And so hopefully Alpha will start to be big enough next year, Alpha Austin to have its own teams. But the, right? The problem is if you're a small school, you have a shitty team and then no one wants to play on your team because you suck.

1:30:21 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
So, get big enough and then you can do it. American schools typically have gym classes or exercise classes.

1:30:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, we do that with our workshops. So, our workshop, our physical workshop is the equivalent. A very good. But that's our alpha product, alpha 4, why it's better than last year. It's awesome. And then more outside of that, we're revamping how we do our parent interaction. So the next layer that we're doing with parents is, so the first year when I got, came in and my big decision was to be Dean of Parents and isolate the parents from the guides. Because the parents were overriding the guides and making the program, parents want to make the program great for their kid. And they don't give a shit about the class radius effects of which is really good. And so my job was to be like, we are changing the program, so come through me. And plus it gave me all the data that I needed to figure out how to make this better. And so there's always been this standoffishness, because I established as like, we're doing this. Now we have a program established enough in our brain and all this stuff, We're like, okay, we can now bring the parents in and have them an integral part of our system because we haven't. And we've hired these deans of parents now. We've had some in the past who aren't so good, and now we have like a really big group. And so now we're going to really juice up our parents because our parents, one, We want to educate parents on how we're so different, but parents are your key to growth. We want all our parents to be evangelists, we want them to love the school, right? And we want them to be references for again, the parents, right? That's the best way to grow. So we're gonna amp that up, the founding family concept, right? We're gonna get these families in and just win them over. Educate them, spend a bunch of time with it, spend a bunch of time, right? And then that is what will grow our install base in a city. And so, and it's just now that we've been doing marketing, it's schools educate kids, our marketing department educates parents. And parents do, they want to be engaged with their kids. We're gonna have this culture of full transparency. We already do, right? More than most kids. Look at our maps, our dashboard, and all the things we do. We're dramatically more transparent than other schools, but we're even further. Our goal setting app, all that stuff. Just have this experience where parents are like, God, because the repair relationship with other schools is so bad. A parent-teacher conference is the most fucked up thing in the world. They literally don't tell you anything. They literally obfuscate what's going on. Basically are trying to get you out of the meeting without telling you anything. And we're like the opposite, right? And parents are going to fucking love it, right? They do love it. They already love it. Present, but we're going to just damp that, right? But we're going to have sessions on learning science monthly, right? Lunch and learn sessions for parents where you're going to be like, DR. Yeager's going to come in and talk about freaking his book and why high standards and high support, right? We had the dean of Stanford coming, came down to give a big talk last time. We're just going to pump our parents where, if you care about education, you're going to be like, I have to fucking be an alpha parent because I've got to get invited to these monthly meetings because they're freaking unbelievable. My two and a half hour thing on learning subjects.

1:34:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:34:36 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
People are like, holy shit, I don't want to watch that video. Right? So we're going to amp that up. And economically, it totally pays for itself just with references. And so I can spend a ton more money on that for free. It's one of those things when you're looking at business models where you're just like, how do I invest in my installed base that leads to more growth? Those are always the things you want to do, right? It's why Costco never overprices it because they invest by keeping prices low. Because that just generates more business for them forever, right? Say the investing of Amazon, same day shipping, right? Right, because it just, you magically get more customers, right? And we magically get more customers the more we invest in the parents. Because the parents, back to educating parents, when a parent is uneducated, they go to a dinner party. And they're like, if you go to that fucked up A.I. School, I don't think kids really learn. And if the parent doesn't have a good answer, they feel embarrassed and nobody else at the table is going to go, right? When the parents at that same dinner, they're like, no, I actually was in a session with the dean of Stanford who went through and explained, right, that they've known this and that teacher in front of the classroom for 40 years is the worst way to teach kids. But for AI, AI is to learning science with a microscope. Was the biology and they can like throw that out at the dinner table because we've educated them and they're like in my kid here Read this austin scholar report of how we're doing that all of a sudden that parent's like yeah let's go fuck it let's go to dinner parties to talk about that prior to this they're like oh I don't go because I don't have good answers once you've educated them they're like fuck yeah let's go and then everybody else has been too to their party, right?

1:36:33 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
I'm jealous.

1:36:34 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Right? Parents want to brag about their kids. And if you equip them with facts and data that it's not quite about their kids, but it's about their kids, they will share their bra. Alpha kids learn 2x. You don't even have to talk about yours. Because everybody's like, oh, their kid's alpha, so they must be learning 2x, right?

1:37:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Right now, a lot of our groups are in recruiting events, and some parents are coming in. And you can clearly tell when the parent has seen this video. And so, right now, figure out the quickest way to educate the parent that has not seen that video on the barriers to enrollment. Yes.

1:37:16 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Mackenzie literally is like, she gets a little extreme on this. She'll be talking to somebody, she'll say, have you watched my video? Have you watched this, this, and this? The person's like, no. She's like, Call me back after you. I don't have time to remedial where you go, but it actually shows us, right? Why mastery matters. This is why it's so hard to be a teacher. You're sitting there and you have, this is exactly the thing. You should use this as an example. I use it in my two hour 30 video. You know, my, my two and a half hour one where I'm like, do you know this material? Oh, you don't. Oh, but you do. This is what's wrong with a teacher in front of a classroom. What do I teach? Do I assume you do? So do I bore him, or do I confuse you? Those are my choices. And that's the problem with a teacher in front of a classroom. And that's how AI fixes the problem. Because it's going to show you the two-hour video, and it's going to show him the more advanced videos.

1:38:18 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
He's already done the two hours.

1:38:20 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So you can use the confusion to actually educate them on why classroom socks in our system.

1:38:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Is your video posted anywhere?

1:38:30 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
No, mine's not posted anywhere, but it'll be the two and a half hour one.

1:38:40 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
I send it to all you guys, right?

1:38:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yes, now there's just mine. Since I decided Okay. Show that two and a half hours. You want to go two and a half hours. I mean, it's, you've really gotten there. Right?

1:39:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's two and a half hours.

1:39:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
You can always let you two X. You do. You do. You've been in two X. Yes.

1:39:07 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
You've still got it here. Yeah. Two hours and two X. That's, let's do that. Just for context, we're finding that parents will pay their tuition for a TSA at these events. And so what the events are going to be like, it's a 10 And so I've been trying out different approaches for teaching that part. But anyway, it's the period that we're working out with this operation right now. And so we're getting better at it. In the way that parents understand correctly. Awesome. I guess one question I have is, we are building up the audience right now. We don't have kids studying for a TSM. And when the alpha school didn't quite have that audience, what was the approach for getting those students to come in? I'm sure it was going after the superconductor bonds and support about trying to find students. Does that make sense?

1:40:14 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I mean, it's The things you're doing, which is you have to find groups. It's like GT school. It's like, oh, we found the local chess club. Who are affinity groups that if you invite them to some event, they'll bring a bunch of you?

1:40:34 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And so for yours, it's going to invite homeschool teams over. If their internal network is exhausted, they're going to look to schools overnight, but one person from here. Yeah. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, great. The main thing I'm getting into now is, of course, they have to have their own facility. They have to be able to take care of it. They have to be able to teach. And they already work with most of the students. But number five is that that's, at least right now, like entrepreneurial, they're about as smart as you. And interestingly, we're finding that martial arts instructors, on average, are more academic than classic football or baseball players. And they need to do better at that entrepreneurial Yeah. That's the data points that we're getting. Since you're getting, that's interesting. Yeah.

1:41:43 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Gymnastics has been pretty hard to thrive.

1:41:45 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
But I think gymnastics already has a bunch of homeschooling programs. Yeah. So we're trying, we're calling them and they're like, we're going to come homeschooling now. We're going to keep hanging out with us. So we're getting that figured out. Once we do, then that should be good. Yeah, I'm currently thinking it's, right now, these schools that are getting opened up, So it's a very random process. We're learning so much about what needs to go in this platform. And then for the schools opening up in January, that will also be the schools that test out this platform. That's about when you book the next year.

1:42:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
But we'll do the finals in the spring, so. Great.

1:42:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Can't wait to open schools and get started. Quick question on that. Regarding Peralta, we were talking with Neeraj and David Harper about the rents and so with the large school you need like a security guard just because of the size of the campus we need rent statement, things like that. I think previously we discussed that we just charge the coach like a rent that's representative of that general area that would have been paying. But data keeps telling us that we should be charging coaches for rent statement and for the security guard and things like that.

1:43:01 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
What's the total? Just give me whatever the total is. What's the delta between what the campus cost is versus what we should be charging a coach in a local area?

1:43:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

1:43:14 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Go ahead. Just give that to me, and then I sit down. Fix that for you.

1:43:20 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Cool. And then, yeah, just another thing about Garretson. We're also talking to Jermaine O'Neal. He's the sixth-time NBA All-Star. In order to make the school ready for him, But what you're seeing right back to home.

1:43:56 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
getting the customers.

1:43:58 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
You're seeing the value happening behind the brand.

1:44:03 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
You either get the big audience up front. You either find a way to build the audience in order to get customers.

1:44:17 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
That's with the value of the TSA platform.

1:44:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
If you had Like when McKenzie, she literally is just like, you know, she sent out a message. It was like, I'm going to Plano, right? And she got 130 people signed up for her info session, right? And it'll be full. Plano will be full. Like if you don't sign up at the info session, you're not gonna get a spot. And that's how it has to be for where you're like, we're in Plano, we're in Carrollton, right down the street, right? And you need to be like, okay, there's 130 families here who want to sign up. And if you don't sign up for coaches, whoever your coach is, you're not going to get a spot.

1:45:08 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, it's perfect.

1:45:09 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So we'll have many different sports. Yeah. But like you have to write your, you have to be able to create the upper funnel debate You're picked, right?

1:45:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
You need the audience. And the audience side is, right?

1:45:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
As you're opening the schools, you've got to get all things, right? You've got to get, you know, there's a local press, TV station, sometimes newspaper, but a TV station at each We're going to use McKinsey in each of these cities. Right? The Folsom, just fucking Folsom.

1:45:52 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
We've signed on to do Folsom.

1:45:55 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Oh, really? Fiscal? New School and Folsom. Because all the people were like, you guys are too expensive for the market. And we're like, OK, well, yes, you're too expensive. We're not lowering the price if that's what your goal is like, We just want a demographic. Folsom's not one of our top 40. There was a bunch of McKinsey moms who were like, we want one, we want one, we want one. But then when push came to shove, are you going to fucking pay the tuition?

1:46:33 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
They're like, no.

1:46:34 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Right?

1:46:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
The whole info session was about scholarships. Can't open a city where people can't pay.

1:46:41 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Alpha? $40,000.

1:46:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Why is it excluding grounds?

1:46:48 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Well, grounds also has a program.

1:46:50 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Grounds was also subsidized.

1:46:52 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
What? Subsidized. Tuition is $10,000, but we spent $40,000.

1:46:55 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Oh, wow. It's all scholarships. SpaceX gives us a bunch of money for the SpaceX employees, and then we subsidize the employees. That was always our agreement. What's the...? Because SpaceX wants to look good for the world as a whole. I think so too. So, uh, but great, but you guys have to figure out how are you going to get press? Your awesome fucking school. Do you have your pitch that when you talk to reporters, they're like, we need to fucking do a story on this, right? There's six articles coming out on that, but now it's taking a couple of years. Couple of years, two years, but Washington Post, New York Times, Business Week, Bloomberg, right, all doing stories in the next couple of weeks, right. And in each city, she has the local press who is doing a thing talking about the local AI school where it only takes two You guys need to get that story in each of these places that open with your coach about here's a new middle school that's opening. If you're a fucking TV, if your kid is like awesome athlete, literally they crush it in two hours and do athletics. That message has to get out there, right? You need to get that message and get the, if you can't get the press to write about it, right? There's something wrong. With your messaging, which is also bad for the recruiting parents, too. The same message to recruit parents is what gets the press, because the press just want to talk to the parents. In each of the cities, they interview one of the parents. Why aren't you worried about AI and your kid? In Folsom, the one that CNN picked up just to use on their other one, the mom's like, look, this is and this seems like really good and a lot better than the school I went to, it seems like we should get aboard this train." And just an honest mom telling the story, and they're like, huh, right? Like, there you go. And they're like, they want to put, you know, the local news wants to put that on there. They're like, there's this crazy thing, and the moms are sending their kids in.

1:49:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I saw that from our offering. Say it again. We got a sign up from Anna on framing the pitch. Our thing is, as soon as a coach has one student pay the extra tuition, then it's like, let's give that coach a little press. Great. You can do that in a student-led approach to help your coach prevent that from happening to other students as well as possible next students.

1:49:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Great.

1:49:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

1:49:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

1:50:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
No, that's exactly what you need, right? Founding families, right? And you talk back to the message. The founding families pitch has been so powerful, right? And it's just like, you guys are changing education. You are part of a leading edge, right?

1:50:18 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
You are special, right?

1:50:19 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And they totally want to be, right? People want to feel it. And you're going to be on TV as part of it. So you have to, that is what you guys have to get.

1:50:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
with all of us.

1:50:36 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Get that message, get the press, right? Get the hype. It'd be better if it was a mom instead of the guys. Same way, the kids eat. You got to find a mom who could be the spokesperson for it. If mom's making the decision, right, you need that.

1:50:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So get that off your TV.

1:51:01 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, Cindy would totally help, right?

1:51:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, Cindy would be great.

1:51:07 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
She's like such a fan about it.

1:51:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, and then she'd move to sport. No, you should get Cindy to help. You should totally reach out to Cindy and say, you know, would you be willing to get on?

1:51:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:51:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:51:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
She would totally, that's a perfect one.

1:51:30 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
And her son is good at golf, right? That's what they're called. That's a pretty bad one.

1:51:39 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah. I don't want you to love the D1 message. She's into the elitism. She doesn't like what you want. She's, like, unhappy what you want. But yeah, you need, right, you need that messaging.

1:52:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I guess the big thing we're working on right now with funding is getting the purchase to record better footage. So we can actually use it. We got some footage right now that we're trying to edit for current coaches.

1:52:17 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
You have to send something. So in the beginning, if you need a scalable model, you need good content in the beginning.

1:52:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Go send something.

1:52:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Getting somebody who can just go and do the footage for them. That's super cheap relative to the value of that footage.

1:52:38 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, maybe that's the next weekend's projects. Yeah. Jackets, I'm tired of doing that. On my off weekends, I'm really happy to have a client for the program at TSA. Yeah. What are you going to have in Austin?

1:52:59 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Around Austin.

1:53:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Yeah, well, it's a basketball program up there.

1:53:06 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
How many kids Yeah, so you should think of a, we'll think of a sports oriented Friday to Sunday program. Right.

1:53:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It'd be high school.

1:53:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Middle school gets it. Maybe we can figure out a school. You can do lock-ins at middle school. Our middle school is doing lock-ins. You get into age issues about that, right? But you can totally do a lock-in in a gym. So think of this. Think of a middle school sports gym lock-in. Basketball weekend.

1:53:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
You're like, NBA All-Star weekend. Yeah, exactly.

1:53:48 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And you just have some crazy thing, right? Going to throw some shit out there.

1:53:55 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Thanks, sports guy. That's totally doable. So.

1:53:58 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah. The martial arts school in San Anthony.

1:54:01 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Right, Gary. He's working with you guys. Yeah.

1:54:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, he should help. He should be able to help. Yeah. Oh.

1:54:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
We're just saying this other school in San Anthony. They're very good, like, with a lot of great people. Yeah, yeah. Perfect. They're great people. Yeah. That's perfect.

1:54:22 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
You're going to have such fucking great content. If you guys aren't better than Alpha in Texas, you will have failed miserably. We're going to make Alpha the best nationwide school, but you should win Texas. You should win Texas. There's no reason one year from now it's not like Texas Sports Academy. Everybody's taught. Anyway, everybody's talking about alpha. One year from now, everybody has to be talking about this. You just have better content that people care about, right?

1:55:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
That's more right, right? Yeah. That's the draw with a potential partnership with Jermaine. You have 12 year olds, I can tell you. It's not very good content. Yeah, I'm telling you. Number one high school team. It's like future NBA players. Figure out the numbers make sense.

1:55:24 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, figure out the numbers make sense. But back to your marketing and your spending upper funnel stuff, right? It's always worth upper funnel. Right? But you have to have a program of how will you get them. Right? Who's your influencers going to be building out your upper funnel?

1:55:45 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
The audience. And how much would the two hours a day and stuff to the parents?

1:55:58 - Unidentified Speaker
What's their reaction?

1:56:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
They're like, oh, totally. This is easy.

1:56:06 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
That's easy.

1:56:08 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
But when they have consumed utensils, yeah. And they recognize that one-on-one personalization doesn't work well. And that's with AI. I mean, you can't have their own computer. And obviously, it covers their motivation. But they did get it. Yeah, I'd like to experience it still.

1:56:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Two hours.

1:56:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Awesome.

1:56:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And accreditation, how important is that? Take care.

1:56:40 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Take care. Yeah, there was one mom at Windermere that said, any questions? And it was great. Congratulations, security, graduation. It just asks all the questions. I'll get them off the page in a minute.

1:56:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

1:56:58 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
No, get all those in an FAQ. Right. For sure. Great.

1:57:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So how many kids are you going to have, August 14th?

1:57:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Let's see, we've got seven paid tuitions. So right now, we're still looking at the other coaches who don't need QR codes, so that they can use our plans for students. Yeah, and they think right now it's a good case so that the coaches can get the right people in the room for their events. So like two weeks ago, we had a really good event where the right people in the room could be paid. Just a couple days ago, we had the same type of event, but without our people there. And so there were no sign-ups. Yeah, well, for all the right hospitals, no, it's all students.

1:57:38 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Get started. Get started.

1:57:45 - Unidentified Speaker
We learned something.

1:57:50 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Shit.

1:57:52 - Unidentified Speaker
It's cool.

1:57:55 - Unidentified Speaker
That's awesome.

1:57:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Great.

1:58:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Anything else? Absolutely. Go ahead. So we're still looking at the old version of the back. There's one tab line.

1:58:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Panorama.

1:58:24 - Unidentified Speaker
I generally hate there.

1:58:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's all bullshit. So I think we've turned off. I'm not a fan.

1:58:36 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
I'm not a fan. On the app, it's one of our events, Time Bus.

1:58:48 - Unidentified Speaker
I'll post the recap after.

1:58:52 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm Alphys.

1:58:54 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm Alphys.

1:58:56 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
We're bringing it to Alphys.

1:59:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
How was it around points? It's not easy.

1:59:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
They will look back at that this evening.

1:59:14 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's at 30 on Sunday night.

1:59:17 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
We use a dollar sign, like 20. We use dollar signs, like an alpha or a dollar sign. I feel like alphas should have their own sign for that.

1:59:33 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, but then that's That adds a complication.

1:59:39 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Maybe you need code or something.

1:59:43 - Unidentified Speaker
I have an option for now.

1:59:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:59:49 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
The what?

1:59:50 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
For the number of alphas, I have alpha dollar sign. Sorry.

1:59:59 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Is that OK?

2:00:01 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Alpha dollars, that's fine. Why am I going to regret that decision? Well, Alpha is supposed to be good.

2:00:21 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's a cool name for a currency, but if Alpha is like the prestige brand, do we want all of the schools to use that same brand? That's the first thing I noticed. It's not right here, but it's a currency. You're an alpha. Is it a one-way door or a two-way door?

2:00:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
At the end of the day, it's a two-way door. Right. You log in and you're like, oh, I have time drops. I have 100 time drops instead of 100 alphas. No one's going to, right. It's a word. It's a label. There's nothing intrinsic, right, to it. So let's use alpha because, you know, the alpha brand is just going to, it's, we're going to, everything's going to be branded alpha. It's going to be Nike, right. We're becoming much more, Alpha's becoming much more like SpaceX. It was like the brain.

2:01:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Which is awesome.

2:01:49 - Unidentified Speaker
No doubt.

2:01:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
All right, well, so this week, you guys got two deliveries this week, so we can Show them on Monday, the guides. Next Monday, they're all here. We spent two weeks getting ready for the kids. So I think a studio will be here presenting their English stuff. Oh, when? Next Monday.

2:02:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Like tomorrow?

2:02:23 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
One week.

2:02:24 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So we have one week.

2:02:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
So this week's all delivery week.

2:02:30 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Next Monday is when the guides show up.

2:02:34 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So.

2:02:37 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So here.

2:02:42 - Unidentified Speaker
So.

2:02:45 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's the same quality. Your preference. So I would start, the things you want to nail are kindergarten through third grade.

2:03:13 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Should be the easiest ones. So nail those first, and then we can move on to the next. Like the content and all that stuff.

2:03:29 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
the operational stuff. This is going to be the first time somebody's going to be a part of this. We're also going to be a part of this. I guess David first said he's not afraid, and then he walks back and says he hates it. So we're going to be a part of this. Yeah.

2:03:48 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, we have two goals with your app. One goal is, oh, can we generate some content that kids can use? 10 days. There's a bigger one. I'm going to take a false all comment and say, this needs to be your platform. This is why you want to be, why you want to have an important type of content. It's a long, it's not going to happen in a second. It's a longer discussion. And as part of that, regenerating his videos, using the concepts of learning science, we will want to do. We can add in directed structure to make a path for learning. Things like that, we'll want to be able to work. Regenerate this video with like with the tick-tock theme of Whatever we're gonna want to show up that AI generated insects videos Are the future that sort of redo is that That will be a big It will be very hard for him to assess but it will also be the element that the cost of the one Yes.

2:05:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

2:05:17 - Unidentified Speaker
No, perfect.

2:05:18 - Unidentified Speaker
No.

2:05:19 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So you're going to have a total clone just on time back.

2:05:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Perfect.

2:05:28 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So you're built on time back, like, look, this is fully built on time back. And then, you know, instead of, I think they're auto-generating derivatives from the set. And not just the articles and questions, but also then the videos, right? Now, you don't need videos that take 10 days, right? But if you get the, if you do the derivatives of the articles and questions, right, that is legally, lawyers will have to sign off on this, but generally I believe they're going to say that's legal for kids to use this, because it's derivative generation. And the gears are on YouTube, right? So that, so you can use that. But the real thing is to be able to go to com and be like, hey, this is an example of a platform, right?

2:06:27 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
What about using, like, public pages?

2:06:29 - Unidentified Speaker
So I could...

2:06:31 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So, like, which ones?

2:06:32 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Like, different, like, territories and stuff.

2:06:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Like, this is Google, this is WordPress. Yeah, I'm wondering. Yeah, that's it.

2:07:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
in the next 10 days.

2:07:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Great.

2:07:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Awesome.

2:07:09 - Unidentified Speaker
So, Tiger Wallet update.

2:07:12 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
The comptroller has answered the questions.

2:07:16 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 4
We've been going over those. We have like 15-ish competitors. So, we're working on the proposal. That is now due August 4th. 15, and then presumably get the contract on August 31st, which they've since stated.

2:07:40 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So there's 15 batterers?

2:07:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Ish.

2:07:43 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 4
Ish, secure? I guess, yeah.

2:07:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And once they're big, what are the questions that Comptroller's asking about? People are... What's their fee?

2:07:55 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 4
It's kind of just all over the place. There's like $200 of them. So a lot of them are like, see this previous question. Some are just, did you Read the document? Others are, okay, this is very nuanced. Okay, we're going to make an addendum.

2:08:13 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Is these 250 questions specific to you or to all 15 vendors?

2:08:18 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 4
This is to all of them. So everybody, everyone sent in questions and they answered 250 of them.

2:08:26 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So that's why we estimate the 15th from that. OK. Well, let's ship this week. And then here we go.

2:08:47 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
School starts.

2:08:49 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
25, 26, big year, hype year. And then we have trying to think about the big things. Yeah, tons of articles. Everybody's doing articles.

2:09:15 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
The expansion and growing.

2:09:17 - Unidentified Speaker
That school's coming.

2:09:19 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So McKenzie's good. She's in San Francisco, Plano, and Palm Beach. And I hope it's that. I think it might be Plano, San Francisco, Palm Beach, whatever. Whatever it is. And so we'll be opening up.

2:09:41 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
There we go.

2:09:42 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And then there'll be another batch we open till the fourth.

2:09:47 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Sorry, this is all view outs, right?

2:09:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
If you're not doing the bottom end.

2:09:54 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
I don't know if you want to go to the U.S. Or in Paris. No, we've got to get the U.S. Established. At the end of this school year, we need everybody to say they have 25 schools open, full, with 200-person wait lists, and they're just getting through to real estate to turn those 25 into 250. And the 25 is going to grow to 50. We want everybody 18 months from now to say, we're Stanford K-12. So you're like, okay, all major cities have an alpha, they have scale, right? Every point competitor is just getting crushed. The best school in every city is like, everybody wants to go to the alpha, right? We're just coming in, and so to do that, we need, we'll have the 25 cities with with a micro school with 25 kids, the references and the parents loving it and all that stuff, the content coming out. So we have a 200-person waiting list, and it's just assumed that bigger school will get filled up. And then we're growing from 25 cities to 50. So if we have that over the next year, You know, I think beyond this, got another year of great academics, great references. We'll all be on the Timeout platform, and so our learning share will just be, right, or we'll be just crushing academics.

2:11:34 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So it's 26.7 square feet into 50 square feet.

2:11:39 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
The biggest thing we'll be getting getting the 25 to 250, right? It'll be growing into the 200-person schools, right? The problem with 25-person schools is that they age eventually, right? That's why middle school is great for you because they age up, right? They were like, oh, it's good for public education. But no one wants 12-year to 25-person school. So as soon as we open these schools, all the pressure is going to be when do you open it, right? All the questions will be, when do you open the 250 schools? And whether Alpha's gonna win and be Stanford K through 12, like, okay, are you gonna successfully open 25, 200, like right now it's like, can you open 25, 25 person schools? And I'm like, yeah, totally. And then it'll be, can you open 25, 250 person schools and then 25, 25 more, right? 25ers, right? And so that will be all the pressure will be on them getting to them, right? But once you go from 25, 250 versus schools around the country, then you're going to be like, okay, next stage is 1000 in the top 25 markets. And people will be like, okay, if they see that, then they're like, okay, you're on your way to be 100,000 kids. But there's 100 cities, they'll support 1,000.

2:13:06 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
That's your, that's your, OK, but your dominant.

2:13:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Unassailed. In a couple of years, you're an unassailable, redefined high-end academics for K through 12.

2:13:21 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Are you going to offer high-end style bus for tech? Excellent.

2:13:30 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
250 basically for we can hold 200 ish spyglass and then it's 100 ish C02 so we're gonna have to so Alpha's gonna have to figure out what we're gonna do for the thousand person. Yeah, I can't remember. 60? OK, I thought 60. Maybe 80. Maybe by the end of the year, 80. Also, is there any planning?

2:14:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
This is not really a popular thing. I don't know if you've heard about it. But like, turn out schools, let's say, year-round, send that or something. So we've been up with this stuff for a while.

2:14:25 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
We're not going to make it meaningful. It's just awesome. There's still good internships kids can do in summer, but they shouldn't do it.

2:14:37 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Once you have tons of schools with 1,000 people, how are you going to keep it? Are you still going to keep managing achievements in person files? Because at some point, you might be the entire 99th person file, right?

2:14:53 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Even if you have 1,000 kids, there's 50 million kids.

2:14:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So even if we're 100 grand, we will be the 99%.

2:15:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
We will define the net. We'll be the top 1%.

2:15:10 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
So is that better than defining relative to the absolute knowledge of each level of debt?

2:15:20 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Well, we currently say we get 1550 SATs, fives on the APs, and our top 1%.

2:15:29 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Just out of curiosity, I know there's obviously a fund scale, but with a 250-person school, do you see higher cost margins than a 25-person school?

2:15:44 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

2:15:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Profit margins go up both sides.

2:15:51 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, we don't make money, really, at $25,000.

2:15:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's a marketing event to get to $250,000.

2:16:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
I primarily feel safe. You need three guides, right? It depends on what your spread of your kids are.

2:16:17 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's just not, there's not enough.

2:16:20 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It could be over a head. I think 25, you need, you know, a team of parents needs, you know, four kids. So your inefficiency, you're flying around. You know, you make money in 1,000 persons. You can make money in 250, but, You know, if we do a 5,000, that becomes a warehouse and a mall, right? And logistics dominates at that point. Culture is different between the culture of a 25, 250, and 1,000.

2:17:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
We'll have to see how 1,000 works. I am GS 14. Yeah. Yeah.

2:17:35 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
with 5,000 kids, right? But no, we have to get really good at opening up 254, right? I mean, think about what the skills are, right? How do you open up 254?

2:17:46 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So these schools opening up in Plano, San Francisco, they're going to have 25 students coming here. It's going to be the same facility all over. It's going to be pretty neat.

2:17:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
You know, we did these deals with the guy who closed school. School in so that we had all the zoning permitted. So it takes two years. So our problem would be, we have a real estate team. August 15th, when Plano opens, the job is to get a 250-person school in Plano. So basically what happens is, when Plano opens, which is one of our best markets, right?

2:18:25 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's a great demo.

2:18:29 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
We'll fill it. We'll have a dean of parents whose job is to make the 25 parents that are super successful, super happy. And within a year, have 200 people on a wait list. That's a dean of parents job. The real estate team is to find a location for 250 people within 18 months. So you take the wait list and get the location code. And parents are like, okay, it's 18 months from now or two years from now. They'll suffer as long as they can see me. And so we have to, right? But if we stagnate in any of these cities at 25, we're done. That's what happened with Folsom, is we could have filled 25, but things have gone through periods.

2:19:25 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It actually is a complicated one. It is a guidepost that went bankrupt.

2:19:31 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Some of the guideposts went bankrupt. Some didn't. They were put into bankruptcy. This is a bankruptcy one. And the bankruptcy ones actually can hold 50 people, 50 to 60. And so this is a guidepost where we own the whole building, our bankruptcy. And it can hold 50 to 60. But still, same problem.

2:20:01 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
I need 250. Yes, it'll hold 50 or 60.

2:20:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, it's overlapping.

2:20:09 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
So we'll see this week how that plays. But yes, that will be where the alpha becomes. And back to height, the alpha's in all the cities. You'll be getting press in every city, right? You'll be growing. We're going to have all these crazy families joining the founding families. This whole AI narrative, right, to think two years from now with AI. Our kids will be crushing test scores. Think of time back two years from now, how much they'll be learning, customized videos to the kid, right? Just think of what it's gonna be, how fast they're learning, right? Versus kids at every other private school are gonna be sitting in class just like they've been done for all their lives, right? And it's just night and day. Delta. High school kids are doing these lock-ins every weekend. It's just going to be like, what the fuck is everybody doing? We've got Sports Academy going crazy with all the athletics.

2:21:32 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
It's just going to be like, OK, we need to change this. Yeah, so it's going to be awesome.

2:21:42 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's going to be a great school year. It's going to be... Honestly, shit, I'm talking about a great school year. It's going to be a nightmare that it, like, awaited. Not shivering, but...

2:21:59 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Beautiful night.

2:22:00 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Shit. Doesn't AI just, like, magically work?

2:22:03 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 3
Woo! Sometimes, yeah.

2:22:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:22:05 - Unidentified Speaker
We'll definitely be shipping.

2:22:07 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
There'll be a little bit of tossing and... GPT-5 ships like right before. Builds everything we fucking need.

2:22:21 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Fucking GPT-5 to the rest of you. Yeah, he's like it's magic. It's like it's magic. What's that? I heard that Spencer shipped like a website for you and then I was talking to some of the other builders and I was looking at the website and I was like pretty cute. I'm back. Oh, I'm back top education. All right, excuse me. I like this one.

2:23:06 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I don't like the landing page. But you like it. The art is that it's not the right theme. That's not a right brain. OK. So there's an ad agency who did a whole time back branding theme, which is the goal with time back is to be edgier, right? Time back is learning, got schooled, right?

2:23:38 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Is that what I guess?

2:23:41 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Just got schooled, learning, just got schooled, right? Which is not, you know, high art like that. And if you look at the ad campaign, McKinsey very much liked the one that's like A, B, D can F themselves, or whatever. You know that, right? It's all very edgy. And that's the theme that needs to come through, and that's not. That page doesn't reflect that. So you want to look at that theme and be aligned to it. Yeah, it's too hyper. That's alpha. That's trying to be alpha, not time back. Time back is supposed to be this, you know, it's the software platform. It's not hierarchy, right? We're not, we're not belief, right? We're not trying to evoke classical literature. That's not what time back, you shouldn't think time back classical literature, right? So, We want that niche of your theme, right? We want one kid- Timeback needs to be one, theme-wise, that kids are like, okay, this is awesome.

2:25:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:25:05 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
And if you Read that slide deck, you're like, kids are gonna like that. Kids aren't gonna fucking like that at all.

2:25:13 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
How many kids like fucking art history in sixth grade? I know it's supposed to be for parents.

2:25:19 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
It's for parents and kids, right? Back to the theme of Timeback. Yeah. There's going to be billboards that kids are going to see. And once again, the average parent doesn't care about art history. Artie of history is a weird thing. Small niche or parents.

2:25:57 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

2:26:04 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

2:26:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
For those who need feedback, they'll be there tomorrow at school. Kids are at school. They'll be happy to get that alpha.

2:26:24 - Unidentified Speaker
They'll be happy to get feedback.

2:26:28 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
How many guys are up here? Four or five, I think. Chloe will be there.

2:26:45 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Christian, I think, is coming back, if it's back. So yeah. Yeah.

2:27:30 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can't get it right.

2:27:57 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Sorry, I'll be, I'll watch you go.

2:28:02 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 4
Squeeze that like this.

2:28:04 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
Very loosely, make it like this. Max is going to be here.

2:28:12 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
So you're really, it's a lot of words. Yeah. You should have something like a week or something. It's very delicate. Should I probably end? Do you think I should end the meeting now?

2:29:11 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 1
I think that's, yeah, that's reasonable.

2:29:20 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Bye, guys.

2:29:25 - Conference Room (Marcus Monterroso) - Speaker 2
Thanks for having me.