Meet Meeting
Thu, Jun 26, 2025

0:00 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
So I thought I'd pop in. End of June's coming up, end of quarter. And so this is a project for people who are like, I'm looking for things to work on. Sort of, if you're on a great project and it's crushing you and stuff, keep working on that. If you're like, oh, what I'm doing is not good, right, hopefully the AI's on the leaderboards giving you some indication of that. Feel that way, here's an idea. I think this is, it's nice, it's tactical, solves a bunch of the issues. So what this is, is speed run or goals. So it's a short timeline, we're going to try to ship it before school starts. And so going through the framework, big opportunity, million kids, 100 bucks a kid, per month. We'll talk about the audience and how you're going to build the audience. The product, the point of this is to make it simple and tangible for you guys. I'd actually be interested if you're like, oh wait, this seems hard to build. This is sort of the seemingly easy to build, and it's not. We'll just talk about it. It's speedruns slash goals, right? So it's a learning app, uses the Tyvek platform, uses the learning engine. PowerPath. Desktop client, so it uses the desktop, it uses the TimeVac client, or you can just write native iOS against the TimeVac platform. Version 1 is just for alpha. What that means is you don't have to worry about the motivation model, right, which is always the biggest thing. Alpha solves that. So if you just get it working in the alpha environment, without kids, they have a motivation model. Version 2, though, is for everyone to get the big scale. We have to embed in the motivation model. And so that's the framework. Is there anything on this part that's not... That people have questions about? Okay. What does the app do? The app is, where am I academically? Where do I want to go? How long is it going to take? For parents and kids, that is a set of knowledge that nobody has. You talk to the average parent and say, what would it take for your kid to be top 1%? They can't answer the question, or they think forever or impossible, or my kid's below grade level. Has caused my kid to be below grade level. I want them caught up. How long will that take? They have no idea, right? This app is to solve it, right? This just solves that problem. And it incorporates a bunch of spiky points of view and insights that we have that the general school market does not have, right? And so that's what that's the the product insights that we're bringing, right? And so, like, for example, for the first one on insights is you have just a simple, super simple screen where you're like, tell me your goals, math, science, language, reading, right? Read subject, what goals do you want? The first one is going to be what is your current state, right? There's an onboarding API. You take a map screen or growth, right, that tells you where you are. Once again, Alpha, all the kids already have that. You query the Tyvek platform. They already know what their current percentile is for a subject. And you also know what the last master grade is. I have 99 percentile. I have master seventh grade, right? And so this is just a query to pull that out. Two, you're going to have to go calculate it for the person who insists on it. But for version one, it's easy. Now, one of the things, one of the insights that we're bringing to it is parents actually don't understand the linkage between what your academic percentile is and what your master grade is. This is just something that's very obfuscated in standard school Right? When you say what grade are you in, right, the word, the tricky word here is master. Because parents are like, well, my kid's in seventh grade. Right? And it's their age grade, not their knowledge grade. And even if it is a knowledge grade, it's not at a mastery standard. Right? Texas says you pass if you get 50% right on a test. But you don't know that material if you get every other one wrong. And so those two are different things. We actually know how to deliver both. We know how to deliver both grade levels. So if a parent is like, I want my kid to be at grade level, we're going to be able to say, oh, great. You're one year below grade level, or two will agree with that. We'll be able to give them an accurate number of what their kids' mastered knowledge rate is, which today they don't know. If you ask 100 parents, 90 of them do not know their kids' mastered knowledge rate. So it's basically, does not know that. If you ask their percentile, on a nationwide standard, right? Once again, nine of 10 would not know that name, right? And so what we can do is provide it to them, right? So that's the first column. And right now in version one, it's literally a query to the type that we get. Number two, parents want to talk about, they have goals. They want to talk about generally in one of two things. I want my kid to be top 10% I want to be top 1%. They want to talk in percentile terms sometimes. Other times, they're just like, I want to be at grade level. I don't want to be behind grade level. Some parents are like, oh, I want my kid to be one whole year ahead grade level. It's rare. The more you push up, I want my kid to be three grade levels ahead is a rare thing. This goal of both percentile and master grade, where you are, we can just say, your kid's three levels behind. Your kid's two years behind. You want to be at grade level? You can just type it in. And then third, this is our payoff of our knowledge, is we can tell you how long it takes. Nobody has this data. No one has. It takes 20 hours. They think it's like two years. Like if it's two years behind, it's going to take two years to catch up. Right? That's why people freak out when their kids are behind. I'm like, us, we're like, it's like 20 hours per grade, per subject, so we probably can catch up in 20, 40 hours. Man, how far do you want? So we'll give them a quantified number of hours, which will be dramatically fewer hours than they expect. And then number two, you can have a completion date. Sometimes you're like, well, I need to have this, before school starts or before the SAT test, right? So like last August, a bunch of my, the middle schoolers came and said, we want to be top 5% ISEE and SSAT. And I'm like, when's the test? And they're like, December 6th. I'm like, great, right? And so you could literally just And my completion date is this. And then it will tell you how many hours a day you need to work. So it's total hours, and then hours a day. And then completion date. And you're like, wow, you're 30 minutes away. You do 30 minutes a day, and boom, get your goal. Or, oh, you're an hour away. We have a bunch of kids at Alpha this summer. Transferring in who are a couple years behind, and they're trying to do an hour of work during the summer to catch up. So they can go in at grade level. Okay, so on this one, this is the part that I think is really easy. Is that, given what you guys know, is this like, yep, that's really easy, or, I mean, there's a part but it's hard that I'm missing. It uses the Time Back platform. There is no app. There's no goal app on top of the Time Back platform. So there's two parts to Time Back. That graph over there, there's the TimeBack platform, which is the one EdTech compatible data structure, right, that saves all the information for every learner on the planet. And then the TimeBack client is the container app, right, that allows you to run educational apps in it that does the tracking and has the vision model, the vision AI that coaches the kids. Right? But this is an app that would, and this is the part where the two ones, if you're going to run on the client, right, you're going to run on the desktop, you'll run in the TimeVac client, so you get the other stuff that TimeVac has. If you're on iOS, there is no TimeVac client for iOS, so you're just writing a native app. 6 This is an issue, right? Or these subjects, right, three through eight, we have current content that has not been generated by the Super Builders InCept team. And so we hope eventually to have that content replaced by the InCept team, that you can build this with our old content today. It's simpler than that, but yes. All the PowerPath API, which we're renaming the Learning Engine API, you can say for this course, what's the XP, which is the number of minutes for this course, and it will return this many lessons, this much time. So from that API, you can figure out this screen. Because you can call, right, the calls you basically have to make is where's the kid? Where do they want to get? What's the delta? Okay, how many lessons slash minutes? Lessons are generally useless. These parents don't know what that means. That's why minutes is actually what XP, which is one per minute, right, is what's returned. You can translate that to hours or 20 hours. I'm not sure about connecting to the database itself, but what I can tell you is that there's a difference between a map and a digital map. A map is very structured, like each knowledge point is a working example. You can answer this type of question. For history, it's like, a little more almost objective, where it's like, this is a background, you know what I mean? So putting that in the same, I'm sure it's the same kind of like, how do you organize this best? But if you have something you kind of can't do that, you're saying, I get that it's being everything too, but you're saying that you already have a back end of like a client, so.

13:07 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

13:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

13:08 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
If, you know, back to, you know, if you, there's a series of science lessons that if you're in eighth grade, you go through. Right? And if you go through them and master them, you will score high. You'll be whatever. It can use whatever, but yes, it has concordance. Which encompasses language, reading, writing, and some other things, or talk, or science, social science. All of the sides of the universe is at the end of the first day. Ultimately, you do those. There's specific units that are there. There's a 90-minute child's able-bodied moments. There's some collection. What he's saying is for math, language, and reading, Common Core standard is defined at a grade level nationwide. Which is the science standard, is incredibly loose. And they actually give you 6th, 7th, and 8th grade. Not 6th grade, 7th grade, and 8th grade. They give you a 3-grade range. And they have very subjective just differences. Like, in sixth grade, you do D-O-K-1. In seventh grade, you do D-O-K-2. And in eighth grade, you do D-O-K-3 and 4, is basically what they say. And, you know, it's, like, if you go into IXL, who tries to replicate this, literally the lessons are copied. Like, fifth grade is literally the same as fourth grade, but just done again. And so, right, it's, anyway, it's how it is. I'm just saying. So for us, though, You can make the call and be like, here it is, here are the lessons, here's the course, right? And so this part is, this part, believe it or not, this was actually the first class I taught at Alpha was in seventh grade, when the oldest class was in seventh grade, and so they just finished freshman year, so whatever, seven years ago, six years ago. I taught the class, and we literally built this app, and this was actually if you want to know a good learning one, it was very much like this, was the first day, you know, they're seventh graders, the iPad had just come out, there was an app called Thunkable, it was a website, I think it still exists, which allows you to build iPad apps, and I was like, kids, you want to freaking build an iPad, right, learning, and so we literally took out maps, charts, and stuff, and we designed how to build a single screen interface and I spent 50 minutes of the class teaching it. And then at the end of the class, one of the things we always ask is, you know, what feedback do you have for the teacher? And Peyton Price raises her hand. She's like, Mr. Liman, you talk too much. And that was an incredibly useful experience to go through because it made me Guys, teachers want to teach. Because I was sitting there saying, do you understand? I just showed you guys how to fucking design a killer app, right? And this is gold coming out of this mouth. You guys should be so lucky to hear it. And you think I talk too much, right? And so I literally, I was like furious when I heard it. It was a great, and I went back. I redesigned the whole curriculum. So I'm like, oh, I'll show that. Right? And it helped me totally understand this whole thing where we're going to change to AI tutors, teachers. Teachers want to teach, even if my teaching mechanism isn't effective. Right? It's sort of that concept. So I came in the next day, and I was like, OK, guys, I got the feedback. I think I've changed it. Here you go. Go to thunkable.com, implement all the that we talked about yesterday, I'll be back. See you in an hour." And I walked out of the room. I was like, huh, show them. Don't want my help. Walked out, came back 50 minutes later, and they're all working with their apps, right? Freaking 75% of them have figured out how to implement it, you know, Unthunkable. I was like, implement Unthunkable, compile it down to your iPad, I'll be back in an hour. I didn't even know the word compile. And literally came back 15 minutes later, they were all working with each other, doing it, and they were like, okay, this was the greatest class ever. Because they had apps they were working on, they were doing. It was active learning they were doing. And they weren't just sitting there being lectured to. So it was a big eye-opener for me around it. So anyway, we actually ended up building it. And they loved it because they were engaged. They were like, oh my god, I can literally just dial in my own percent. What percent I want to be, right? And then it would come up with how many back then was how many I Excel lessons. Now we didn't use the mastery standard we use today, and so they actually did end up all the lessons, but then when they took the math test, they didn't do all the questions they were supposed to. Back then, it doesn't always work right. But that concept, so anyway, it's a great simple thing. Kids love it. Parents love it. It's something back to just making academics legible for everybody and understandable. This is the single biggest thing you can shift to parents and kids to have them change their view on academics. All this thing of just how it can be so different. Just type in your goals. It's literally just typing. And when you go through our spiky points of view, first, we understand this mapping between master grade level and percentage, and you can't find, on the internet, you can find that data, right? That is stuff that we've had to calculate and generate because people don't have a mastery standard, right? Number two, this concept of just type in what you want, right? Just type your goal in, and we'll get you there. And then we'll calculate the time, and the time is dramatically less than you expect. Right? Here it is every day. Just do this amount. And to your point, the best one that's out there is Math Academy on stuff. Math Academy doesn't do the master grade level part, so that's always one of the issues there is, you know, math in general acts, say, when you finish my curriculum, You've mastered the material, right? And so they make the same mistake that schools make, which is they self-grade, right? The problem with academics in this country is schools self-grade. Oh, I give my students an A Oh, you get an A, you get an A, you get an A, you get an A Everybody gets an A Who decides what an A is? You're like, oh, well, I do. Right? And that's why there's grade inflation, right? Standardized test scores go down, grades going up. That can't be true, right? The third-party objective is a standardized test. They should at least correlate, but not go like that. And that's because you're self-grade. All academic apps self-grade, too. Oh, you finished Khan Academy. OK, yeah, you know it. Well, how do I know? Well, because I said so. I tell Math Academy, yeah, you've done our certificate of completion. Everybody does, right? Our loop that we talk about, right? Our loop has standardized. We are the only closed loop system that enforces a mastery standard and an external third party standardized test. Nobody does that. Why does it matter? It could be anything. In this case, this percent that we use is MAP test. There's three other tests like iReady and stuff that's like a MAP test that give you a normative answer, but there's criteria-based, mastery tests at a grade level, and normative all just depending on who you're norming. It's a lot easier to get 99% on MAPS tests, which is everybody in the country, than 99% on ISEE, which is only if you want to go to private schools. Or the SSAT or PSAT. You have a narrower group. So anyway, so that whole loop, standardized tests really matter, but you know, Synthesis doesn't do it, Math Academy doesn't do it, IXL doesn't do it, Khan Academy doesn't do it, The huge, in my view, flaw in their models of why our Time Back platform is good is we build it into the platform. You can't say you're done with 7th grade until you pass a 7th grade mastery test. Now you can argue which 7th grade mastery test you want to pass. In general, most parents are like, well, whatever the state test is in the state I live in. Like if you ask Texans, they're like the Texas star. If you ask Massachusetts, They're like MCAS, right? MCAS is actually the hardest one in the country, right? It is the hardest, highest standard. It's definitely hard. It's like STAR. You know, Florida people are like, I want to pass the Florida STAR, right? If you're a middle schooler, you're like, I want to pass the ISE or SSAT if I'm trying to get into a private middle school, right? But everybody has it. In high school, you're like, I care about the SAT or the AP or the ACES, right? External third party, I'm going to law school, I care about the LSAT, right? There is these third party tests, and so if you have an app, you should benchmark yourself against it, and build a closed loop system that measures it. And then somebody can do your course, take the test, and be like, oh, well. And that's what this provides that no one else provides. So right now, this is in alpha, we have an onboarding process where we have you take a map test. There's actually two different types of map growth versus a map screener, right? One's more comprehensive than the other. You take one of those, you get your percentage, sort of your MAPS percentage. Then it gives you basically a, what grade level it thinks you're in. So MAP will say fifth grade. Now, back to low standards, it doesn't use a mastery standard. It uses like a state standard. So MAP says you're in fifth grade when you get 50% correct. And we're like, okay, generally a good rule of thumb is to subtract. If Matthew says you're in 5th grade, you should go down to 3rd grade. And so then what we do is we then give you a 3rd grade Texas Star Test. And then if you get above a 90%, which is our standard, we're like, great, you've mastered 3rd grade. Then we're like, do you want to try 4th grade? And if you get above a 90 in 4th grade, then you do 5th grade. It's like levels in the game. You just level up. Now, if you're less than 90, And we're like, OK, that's the grade level. There's an API. There's an app you guys should look at. Has it, which is for our video game school, where they run video game tournaments on the weekends, before you can play the video game tournament, you have to come in and use our screener to see where you are. So we basically give the kids a 20-minute map test. And they get to be next to schedule if they do well. So they're all very motivated to do well on the test. So that's actually what's been giving us the signal over the last year of how little all the kids know. Because all these kids are coming from private schools, and they're scoring incredibly low on these tests. Crazy. And so we have that, where it literally takes the test and puts it in the time tab. So you can look at that and how it And then to be clear, literally just this screen, in itself is super valuable. Even if you don't fix the kid's problem, right? Which is, right? Like, you know, before you, like, point five is I just have this screen, and it literally doesn't even give them the lessons, right? To your point of, what if there's no content? You have to know how many, like, what the total curriculum is, you know, per class. But this is so valuable that 90% will think this is the most insightful thing they've seen in school ever. Ever. Like for our Dash, like when our parents come in and they log into Dash the first time, they're like, this is crazy. Like they just don't, right, they've never seen this data before. This is the aha for parents. Kids are more like, These are smaller than I thought. GT kids love it, because they're like, oh my god, how do I top 1%? Your average kid is not excited about this. The average parent is excited about this. GT kids love it. Peyton Price was super excited when she built her app six years ago, where she was able to be like, how can I beat three grade levels ahead of no one? If you read G.T. Mom's Daughter Claudia, you guys want to read a really good substack. So one of our Alpha kids, Claudia, now publishes her own substack. And her substack this week is a banger. Like you will not believe a nine-year-old wrote this substack. It is crazy. And then if you want the most The fun thing you'll read all week is read the letter she wrote to her dad about her wife and her sister. And so that's ... Bern Hobart is on Twitter, you can look up him. He posted the article she wrote. Um, B-Y-R-N-E. Hobart. He runs the DIF. If you haven't read the tip, it's a really good finance tech newsletter. And then, so this is phase one. Then after this, it really is, okay, here are your lessons, right? And that part is just AlphaLearn or one of the time back apps, you can give it. Right? And master it. But this is the key crazy insight. Right? And back to shipping a product that there's absolutely customer demand for and building an audience, education, right?

30:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Edge.

30:35 - Unidentified Speaker
This is like as easy as you get.

30:41 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
reflecting the information of how far the students have come toward their goals built on top of...

30:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, what makes this insightful to a parent, right?

30:55 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
What is insightful, right? First, I didn't know my kid's percentage or grade level. So just why is this, why is a parent Like, this is really amazing. They don't know. They think age grade equals knowledge grade. Right? For the most part. They don't know how grade level corresponds to percentile. What does it mean to be 50th percentile versus not? Like, the tweets that, like, Austin Scholar gets, where it gets millions of people, and Elon retweeting, and all this stuff, and they go crazy on viral, is when she says, 40,000 third graders know more than half the 12th graders in this country. Right? And people are like, that can't be true. Right? But if you actually just look at the map grid, it's completely true. Right? It's providing insight. People just don't know what that means. What does it mean to be top 10%? How about this? This is the crux of the question, the edgy question that causes things to go viral. Most parents in America do not say, I want my kid to be top 10%. They don't say that. Almost every parent says, I want my kid to be at grade level. Right? Those are two thoughts. Okay, in the eighth grade, if you are at grade level, you are top 10%. Nobody knows that. Nobody knows that. Nobody knows in America, because like parents say, my kid needs to be given grade level material. Do not put them in lower grade level material. And you're like, you understand that fewer than 10% of the eighth graders in this country are given grade level material? They don't know that at all, right? And so that kind of, when you load up this data and start playing with it around your kids, you're like, holy shit, it's like a boom. It is crazy tech. The second one is the same way. To reinforce, one of the things I want on the goals and the time is I want them bi-directional. I need to be able to change either of these. Back to the variables on your user interface. I want to be able to type in my goal is 99% and then it tells me how many grade levels behind that. Or I want to sign that grade level and it tells me what the goal is. They obviously have to be the same. But you can let them enter either one and you won't date the other one. Because that is so educational for a parent. Because if you say I want to be at grade level and your kid's in the eighth grade, it's going to say 90th percentile. For this one. Then the same on time. You want to say my completion date or my number of hours. You can't change how many hours it takes. It just takes on the total. But you get to say, I want to spend an hour a day this summer. And it'll tell you, OK, well, it'll take you until August. Or you want to say, I want a half an hour to go. It's going to take you until October. Either measure that, or you're like, no, I have a deadline, because my test is, by August 15th, I need to hit this goal. And then it tells you the number of hours per day. So both of these, when you play with them, are incredibly educational for parents. Kids, too. This is the superpower that when you get into high school that our kids have, where you're like, I want a 1500SH. And you're like, oh, that's 45 hours away. Right? That makes it much easier. Right? Like our freshman average is 14.10. Right? So in August, they'll all come in and be like, OK. All our sophomores will be like, I want to be 1,500 by December. And it'll be like, of your two-hour learning, you need to do this much each day to be 1,500 by December. So back to, you didn't know the percent grade level, and the second thing is, you don't know how few hours it takes. So you're shocked that your kid's as far behind as they are. You're like, oh my God, that's really terrible. But then you're doubly shocked on how easy it is for them to catch up. Right, that's the juxtaposition. You're like, my kid's three years behind, And then you're like, oh wow, 60 hours, right? He can do an hour, he already does an hour of homework a day. He can do an hour of homework a day and be done in a couple months? Caught up? What magic is this? And you're like, AIT. Learning science.

36:33 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
So why wouldn't you just build something like this if parents are already using Dash and they see all the data there. It seems like this would fit in to that, no?

36:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Totally.

36:47 - Unidentified Speaker
And back to the, whatever screen you generate, I'm sure they can use whenever they do Dash.

36:52 - Unidentified Speaker
The reason you want to do this is this part of what we're trying to get to.

36:58 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
Version 1 for Alpha is just the, let's get it working, right? It's a milestone. Version 2 is the one, this is the one you can go to 10 million people for $100 a month. Right? And you can see that this is just back to shipping and sequencing and getting things in the market. Right? I'll even do it this way. There we go. So version one literally just runs on alpha. And alpha already has alpha learned in all classes. So all you are is literally this dashboard that kids can play with. And we can do it, and you do an iOS app, and you know, our GT dad and GT mom can like tweet this shit out for their kids, like what they're doing, and showing it, and get a million followers, and people are like, oh my god, look what they're doing, right? Then you can do this one, which is for everyone who can do it, which will have to include the onboarding part, like have your kid take a math test and do it, or whatever, and a text to star, And then version three, you can actually include the lessons and the motivation to get through the lessons, right? So it's literally, you're just like, all right, I'm gonna prepare it. Here's what Alpha's doing, right? Max McCorkel can tweet this out and get a million people to, it'll get 20 million views when she tweets this out, this first one. The second one, you put the onboarding on it. Tweet that out, hey everybody, this is available. They won't go do it, and they'll get this data. It won't be able to be fixed. It's just like, oh shit. But if I use Time Back, my kid literally could be top 5% in 40 hours, right? And then you have, and you could probably do that whole, you could like ship this. I'd have to see what our map licensing terms are, but you might be able to ship this thing for free, right? Or 10 bucks and have your kid figure out where they are. And then this one can be 100 bucks a month, earn you three, fix it. And that includes not just the lessons, but motivating the kid, which is obviously our key insight, which is how we're gonna motivate kids. And so this is a simple way you can build a product that gets to market and gets in revenue without tons of baggage. This is as lightweight as you can get. And it makes it very simple and clear, a very clearly defined value to the customer, to the parent. It uses as much infrastructure as we have. You have to decide how you're going to do it. I would, back to the motivation side, mine would be, I would have, when you finish X XP, I would let you earn that many robots or whatever we're on that thing. If our, just pure extrinsic motivation. There's one other thing I would do. For any kid who is fourth grade or above, the first thing they should do is back to fluency. Right? In third grade, you're supposed to memorize multiplication. And in America, we've decided that's evil and bad and near torture for kids. And so they've abolished it from all schools. Yet, that's the single best thing you need for mastery, right? There's a great tweet that JTDad put out, and the tweet was, we took a 740 SAT student. We're the only school in the world who takes an SAT 740 math student. And puts her in third grade math to get her to 790, which is a true story that just happened, right? And it was that she had never learned her multiplication. And so in the hard problems on the SAT, right, the DOK 3 and 4 problems, her working memory was getting overloaded, and that's reflected in careless errors. So if you sat down with her and just like, But in an SAT, where it's getting complicated, so as soon as she just literally did rocket math, right, and ground through rocket math, all of a sudden, when she took the SAT again, she stopped making those carousels, right? And there is no school on the planet who's like, a 740 kid needs third grade material. And I promise you, we had to fight the mom and the kid that that was actually the right answer, right? Now she's a big believer. It was very exciting, obviously. They tweeted that out, right? And massive controversy, obviously, about that concept. But it's one of those great things of showing the value of learning science, right? And understanding this. But it is the worst thing we're doing for kids in math is not teaching fluency. So if the kid's older, what I would have is I would literally have a cool, fast math video game for them to play as the motivation, right? And so, this is, I've talked about this, like Samy's building Trashy Cat and it's a crazy subway server, right? And you're just going through it to finish it, right? There's all these time, we've talked about this, there's all these time-based video games that are perfect for teaching fluency because, you know, it's, Okay, it takes me 10 seconds to answer, right?

43:22 - Unidentified Speaker
And then five seconds, and then two seconds, and then a second and a half, right?

43:27 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
And as you get better at the game, just in all those games, it's the same thing, right? You start with a lot of time, and then they compress the time. You just make it so that the math problem is there. So you could literally build this cool game that kids would play, and there is nothing that moves your score up faster That's math, no matter what. Even if you're a 740 math SAT person, if you don't have fluency. Now, the one thing that is true is none of our onboarding incorporates fluency testing yet, because nobody tests fluency. We have a new version of the Timeback API that's going to incorporate a fluency test, but we don't do that yet. So you'll have to figure that out. What? Include lessons? Well, this one, literally you don't even need the lessons. You literally are just saying, this is what your kid knows, and this is what, how long it would take to get to some goal, right? It's just goals. No, when I say include lessons, Okay, you decided that I want to get to top 1% in math. I'm going to give you the lessons so you actually do get to top 1% in math. B1 and B2 have no lessons in them. Not math academy lessons, No, the PID doesn't learn, it's a dashboard that reports.

45:24 - Unidentified Speaker
The PIDs don't get better.

45:27 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
It doesn't fix the problem, it just identifies it. That's why I think this is so great, because identifying the problem without fixing is super valuable. Most of the time, I mean, we do have to fix it by version 3. But parents, right? I'll give you a use case today. Parent wants to come to Alpha. Kid's behind. She's like, oh, I don't want my kid to do frickin' summer school. What I love about Alpha is the two-hour learning. Why do they have to do summer school? Right? I'm like, well, they're three years behind. They're going to have to catch up. Now, she's like, how about this? How much would it take if when they're just in school, instead of two hours a day, they did two hours plus one hour of homework? So that way, in the summer, we can go travel and just have real fun before school Because they're used to doing one-hour homework. And they'd be like, that'd be a total win, two hours plus one hour. Right? And so with this app, literally, she could go in and be like, okay, I need to get them to grade level. How many hours is it? Okay, I could catch up next year, right, by the end of the year with one-hour homework. Awesome. Version 1 takes in the data, ALF already has. I mean, literally by 5 o'clock today, whoever, if AI does a good job on the screen design, you're done. If you know, do you know the Totogi platform, right? This is not like build TikTok in 24 hours, the easiest. Build a screen, right? Onboarding part. The hard part here is you've got two clients. You've got a desktop client and an iOS client. Then this one. And then the third is, oh, shit, I've got to actually teach them lessons and stuff. Right. Do you think parents are wary to standardized testing as a whole, to where they would potentially not align themselves or see the goal or percentage of where their kid is at? There are tons of parents who are like, standardized tests are total bullshit. But those same parents are like, my kid's got to be at grade level. Now, I always ask the follow-up question, well, how do you know? And they're like, well, the teacher says. I'm like, OK. Sure, our AI teacher tells you if you're at grade level, too. I guess, do you think they would believe where the placement of their kid. No, they will hate it. They will fight it. But they'll see this and be like, that's not that bad. So the reason parents really hate their kid being two years behind is in their head, they're like, that means you can never catch up. My kid's fucked forever if they're two years behind. If I told you you're 12-year-old or 10-year-old is two years behind, you're like, fuck, he's never going to make it. It's over, right? And you're like, no, dude, seriously. 36 hours away. And you're like, 30 minutes a day. By the end of this year, you'll be all caught up. And you're like, oh my god, OK, that's great. That is the part of all this. People have all these preconceived notions that are just wrong, right? And we're fixing it. And that's why this dashboard, in and of itself, is so valuable, is it's breaking through all these crazy, wrong ideas about education. Right? And this is where having an audience in social media is so valuable. Because you literally just have this. It's like a freaking five seconds bill. And then you are just publishing it out. And Alpha now has enough cred, right, where when we're like, this is all you need, Alpha branded, they're like, holy shit, these kids are 40 hours away. Right? And that'll just cause, you know, we'll get millions of views, and people will all be there. And if we have a product to sell, we'll be all set. But the whole concept of that's different, and what we believe, and sort of feel we prove, is parents really care about standardized testing, or being at grade level. Parents really don't like when their kids are behind grade level. It doesn't matter who you are.

50:52 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
And we can fix it easily.

50:55 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
We give them this very easy fix. They're not super valid. And we won't pay for it. Then the second part. I'm fixing it, is we do have to incorporate our motivation policies. Extrinsic motivation. And we have tons of IP around this, around things like parents don't like extrinsic motivation, except when their kid's behind, to catch them up to grade level. Parents don't like extrinsic motivation of going from 90 to 99% That's like pure money. Now, they love it if it goes into Robin Hood for kids to learn how to invest because that's life skills growth. They love that. And so you ship this baby out with like a little Robin Hood for kids, parents would love that. I'll load that baby up with a ton of money and catch them all. But they definitely say, so they don't like 90 to 99% unless it's tied to life skills. But if the kid's two years behind, they're like, do whatever it takes. Even in public school where they have all these restrictions, if you're MTSS level three, which is bottom 10%, basically the government rules are like, do whatever you want. You want to have an after school program where they go do all this stuff? You want to pull them out of normal school and do crazy shit? You want another $10,000 per kid to fix them? Go ahead. Level three. Is very much, if you're far enough behind, everybody realizes, do whatever it takes to get the income. Do you think this product will eventually kind of take over the homeschooling that you already have for two-hour learning and time back? Because essentially this would serve, by V3, the same purpose of onboarding the kid, seeing where they're at, setting a goal, and running and subjects. I believe there's going to be a series of apps built on top of Time Back. And each one's going to have a customer segment that it's going to own and do really well. And so, for example, for the homeschool segment, There's a website called recess.gg, Benjamin, right? He is building the afternoon life, the online, the virtual homeschool community, build your friends. Play Minecraft, build friends, right? It's a really great one. You'll notice he also said I'm going to put academics in, right? So he announced last week. He's like, OK, I'm going to put academics in. We talked years ago. I'm like, the only thing parents pay for is academics. Like it or not, that's just the way it is. All the life skills people want to just be the life skills, but the reality is, and the academics you'll pay for is standardizements. It's just, it's true. But you like it or not, that's it. So he's now adding that. But he could use this. I believe he'd absolutely be like, oh, can I bundle that? With my homeschool recess, you know, make your friends and build community online and he would love you. I totally think so. Now, I think GT School will have a different app, still built on the same premise, right, but it'll really be like one of the things we were calling it was Speed Run, right? I totally think Speed Run for GT is just going to be, like if you look at some of the posts this last week, last few days from Tracing Wood Grains and GT Dad and GT Mom about competition in GT school, it's totally like, it's exactly why you need different apps and different customer segments, why you need school choices. Because in the thread, you have a GT ed who has a kid at GT school. Competition, sports-based competition is what drives my kid to excel in academics, and it sucks that we take out competition from academics. And then gives an example of his 10-year-old, and why it's awesome, right? And then GT dad retweets it, and is like, totally, and you know, GT mom's like, this is what we do with our nine-year-olds, right? And then 1.1 million people on Twitter say you are the most evil people we've ever met, and 90% of my misery in K through 12 came from academic fucking competition, right? And you're like, ooh, this is very good, right? Magnets of track and repel. All the people who are like, yes, competition is good, should have a competition GT speed run, right? And they're gonna freaking love it, right? And then the people who Don't, should not. Because if it's the heart of your misery, don't do it, right? And that's why one size fits all just doesn't work. It's like, right. And so I believe absolutely there'll be a speed run app, right, for the GT kids, the homeschool one, that could be like with recess GG, right, whatever. Your TSA is sitting here saying, hmm, this is a great customer acquisition vehicle to spin this You can imagine for every sports person, see where your kid is, and this is how in two hours a day. You can imagine just a slightly different version where instead of this, you did all four together and said, your kid tested in all four. In two hours a day, this is how long it'll take them to catch up. Come to my sports school. Because parents are going to be like, are they really learning? You're like, oh my god. So is there only a tour right now for the math and the screener testing for the video game that you were talking about that Andy and I were talking about? Or is there one for each math, science, language reader? A math screener and math growth do those four subjects. Now, the Texas Star only starts in the third grade, so your mastery stuff, isn't Texas Star until the third grade, which I think is criminal. Because basically, you have to have learned by third grade to read, or you're screwed. And the first time we test somebody is at the end of the third grade. And we're basically like, oh, fucking sucks to be you. Because you're going into fourth grade, you can't read, you're fucked. I'm like, really? We don't want to be, you know, in first or second grade, like, figure out if they're on track? You don't want to do that? Seems bad to me. So we make up a road at Alpha, right? We don't. But the Texas Star, the official one, starts in third grade. All right. What else? Any other? But this is one, you know, Back to getting something right, back to what we're trying to do. What's a big opportunity? You're like, everybody needs this. This is easy, right? And it's monetizable because of the standardized test improvement. Second, audience. And just talking about audience building stuff, there's two theories on audience building. I'm going to make noise, and that's going to get me followers. And I'm going to demonstrate expertise and excellence, and by educating my Right? The second's the one where you have an audience who will actually buy from you. Right? And so what you're trying to always do when you're building an audience and why, like, in our high school, right, be an expert, build the brain lift, is you're building up expertise and competence and demonstrating that to the world. And as you do that, you get followers based on that, which then makes it very easy to sell them products based on the expertise. Right? Like my daughter with her dating app, she's a fucking expert. She posts all the shit on TikTok and everybody's like, okay, I follow her because all the advice, God, I love reading her stuff. And she's like, okay, I can have it. Right? And it's ... That's your ... And this is the kind of thing that demonstrates incredible insight and expertise. Right? To build up that. Like one of our ... We have a freshman, and ... He's got like a million YouTube followers, middle school kid who just does crazy middle school pranks, right? And so he's got like a million followers on YouTube, but he can't build an audience that actually will buy it. Because he's like, okay, well what's my expertise? Like being an idiot? Like, you know, and so he's trying to think, that's his big thing for freshman year is, right, how do I actually build up expertise where I can take my audience and move it into, you know, because he wants to be rich is actually what he wants.

1:01:06 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
It's like the followers, how do I translate followers into revenue?

1:01:10 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
You just do like, pay advertisers, that sort of thing, like affiliate links. But for what's he selling? Something that... Oh, you mean just advertising. Yeah, right. You just mean advertising. Sure, sure, he can, it's the, back to what his goals are, his goals are bigger than that, right? Because the problem is when you age out of middle school, all influencers have a two or three year lifespan basically on TikTok, and your whole goal during that time is translated. I'm an athlete, I need my post-athletic career. I'm a YouTuber, I need my post-middle school career. He's like, yeah, I'm gonna lose all these guys. The time I graduated high school. All right and back to building this you guys are like yes this is very easy to build.

1:02:00 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
So I think the front end is very easy to build. I've been trying to like do something similar to get out called hit the API, it's pretty challenging in that case.

1:02:23 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
So it's not technically critical, but I do think, kind of like what Anthony was saying, just... The API that AEC Studio give you is a document block.

1:02:34 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
Also, another thing, back in May, we made SDKs, TypeScript SDKs, for all of the TypeScript protocols. PowerPath is the one that's available. Their open API spec isn't even compliant by the contract of the OpenAPI spec. And I went back and forth like three times with Carlos, trying to like get him to fix the issue. But it's like at some point I just gave up, like moved on to something else. So it's just like the little bug fixes. I saw an email thread, like sort of, we just need like a little bug fix, like back and forth, like for a bounty event, and that'll be it.

1:03:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Great, so you guys have the bounty, so this is your chance, right, to earn a ton of money on all their bullshit.

1:03:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:03:20 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
Seriously, it's like, you know the Dilbert comic strip where he's like, I'm coding up a minibus?

1:03:29 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
Okay, I'm too old. A corporation offered, you know Dilbert, right? A corporation offered $100 a bug bounty. And Dilbert just sat up there, he's the developer, he's like, I'm coding up a minibus. Right? Just putting all the bugs in the code, and when they discover, we'll bug-bound it. But this way, you guys can get your videos off AE Studio and not listen to it. They should have listened to you when they had the chance. But yeah, so yeah, and if you need, back to the API, if you guys want to schedule a Zoom call tomorrow with Anthony, you can just go through this. With you, let's set that up if that's the issue.

1:04:30 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
Hey, do you have time tomorrow to do a Zoom call? Great. Great. Why don't you just get that, and get it through Paul, and send it out. Get that out to Paul, and send it out. Send it to me.

1:05:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

1:05:17 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
Rachel Hill at the studio on the college campus. OK. Studio in Hammond. Answer any questions. All right. Any other? Yeah. There's a group of us. And so once we get this, we'll figure out how to do the audience building around it. We'll do product management around it. Like do we have, how's EduPay back to monetization of the 100 bucks a month? Okay. You're working on the client side? Tiger Wallet is just Texas ESA? Yeah, if it's not, then we're not. Make it more complicated. What were we implementing so that people could take credit cards? Sorry, there was a thing like a month ago at EduPay where we were going to have a Stripe account that was tied in so that all the educational apps could take it. We'll worry about that. Let's get the ref built. You can imagine how you can take this and then roll off it. GT. Speed run's going to have a lot of leaderboard contests or something, I assume. And less, like when I think about motivation, right, this is where your stuff's going to be different, right? Where GT kids, like, they like to do well to win. Competitive is what wins. So you don't need to give them roadblocks. You're like, fuck yeah. Whoever wins the leaderboard wins. Right? And so the motivational model for a GT version of this is going to be different from a kid who's like, yeah, I hear your shit. I'm a big politician. How about some robots? Robots. Not I. Right? And I believe those would be different segments, different targets, different audiences. I don't understand what the question is. No, you should just, well you can ask them, but you should just beat the shit out of them. The bugs and the limits, right? I mean, if you ask them, they're going to be like, they're going to think what they know. The issue with the bug boundaries, you guys are like, you guys are totally wrong on what you think. Do you think this is going to handle a million users? It can't handle 1,000, right? Or whatever, right? You're going to have a load test on 1,000. Or you're like, literally, your client uses a different protocol than your server, I think is what you just said, right? You're like, what the fuck, right? It's just going to be, right? Should be building the, you know, Time Back platform is something we need to scale to billions of people around the planet. We can start with thousands, tens of thousands, we need whatever, however, x hundred thousand for TSA, right? That's the most, this could go crazy, right? And so just test it and You know, a set of agents that pound on every time back release that is given to you guys is a good thing. And it's totally fine to use lots of cursor credits or whatever. Exactly.

1:10:22 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
Is there a bounty for finding the bug or fixing the bug? Finding or finding and fixing?

1:10:31 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
Bye now.

1:10:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Totally.

1:10:32 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
No, they have to fix it. I'm talking about this culture war thing. Go fix it, guys. Now, if it's easy for you guys to fix it, you can hit a button to fix it. But feel free to. So this will get, Andy will get on a call tomorrow with Dave's studio and they'll both have to give you the API and answer your questions. Email, you have David's email. Just email him and say, tomorrow we're going to have a call with Anthony and AE Studio. I'll just help remind him that he'll want to be on that call. His job is to manage AE Studio, so he'll want to see the damage you guys do. He will relish when you inundate them with bug violence. Everybody. All right. Great. Anything else or on any other things since I'm here? Audience building. I'm going to be with Mr. Beast this weekend. So we'll see if he's interested. Well, that's not really how this goes. But right now, I'm assuming it all works. Timeback. Everything's going to be timeback. Everything's going to be timeback. Timeback client will ship. And that encompasses AlphaLearn, too. And AlphaLearn. And so there's, when you think of timeback, There's a Time Back client has a learning app built in it called Athena. That's what we've been using for high school for the last year. So we have basically AP curriculum in Athena that runs in the Time Back client against the Time Back platform. Now, you know, there's things like the Time Back client team hates A studio platform team. So they wrote their own time back client, a time back platform that they use in STEM. Now, that's not going into production or anything, right? And they're not going to port over when a studio ships and stuff like that. But Samy runs time. So. Sorry, Samy runs a time back client. And Athena. Those are our Sammies. And the hope is getting those. Those are the ones that have the best, newest vision models or anti-patterns in watching the kids. One of the reasons we can't scale is we're spending $10,000 on our vision models still. It a lot, but it's still freaking insane. And we need to tie back is our platform that will then be able to both scale and make cost effective. So we just have to get to it as soon as we can. And this is a big, this is a big week, actually, because the end of June is lots of DevOps, lots of deadlines either being missed or made. Content, time back platform, time back time. I have a meeting at 10 o'clock tonight with Simon as he's delivering his content. I'm like, okay, when do you want to review it? He's like, how about 10 o'clock? I'm like, literally, you're gonna, when I say no, I call him. He's going to use every minute of it. We want to get on Time Back platform. We want to announce Time Back as a standalone software company.

1:15:38 - Unidentified Speaker
We have to have the software working to do that.

1:15:44 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
By this year, or August.

1:15:49 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
If we're going to launch, we have to have it launch in August for the schools. So if we have Time Back rolled out good enough for the schools, that's good enough to say, okay, we have Time Back, the software company, going. It's fine for Time Back to say, we spun out of Alpha. This only works in the Alpha ecosystem right now, and our job is Time Back. And our first example, this is what version one was used in alpha, but version two is for everybody. All right, that would fit that area. And back to scale, shipping, whatever, right? MVPs can be MVPs. Like this, literally it's the screen, it doesn't fix a problem and it's super valuable. When we talk about audience building, the audience building is just educating. That's all McKinsey and GT mom, they can't buy it from our Instagram, but a lot of people are like, what the shit, I'll die. Dad, GT mom posting all this stuff, they're educating. This, download it, it's like a lead bank, where you can get their name and address because you're providing something of value in return, super value. Like, oh my God, and now all of a sudden they're on your app, right? You moved them down the funnel, right? McKinsey moved them from her Instagram to fricking an app, right? And because right now we can't, you know, there's only a few hundred spots in the schools, but this moves them to an app. And it's free at first, but then if you want to actually do version three to fix it, oh, you've got to put your credit card in 100 bucks a month, which is still outrageously cheap, right? And that's how you can move from audience first, right, down to shipping product. And once again, we don't even have to finish all of them, right? We could literally just do science, the easiest one, right, because people are like, oh, That is usually the subject kids are farthest behind in, and is actually the easiest one to fix. Science is one of those back-to-insights. Science in K-8 is the breakthrough app of all time. It convinces parents, more than anything else we do, that two-hour learning and that their kids can be top 1%. Because most people think of science, they think of high school science, because it means math, right? Chemistry is algebra, physics is calculus. K-8 is reading. There is no math in K-8. It's science. At Alpha, it's so easy. At Alpha, we only, like back to your Alpha rewards, we only give you 25 cents on the dollar for science, because it's so easy. We can't give you the same as math, because that's actually hard. It's like 25% of the Alpha. And once again, no one thinks it. They think math and science are equivalent. So you're using that hack to get them up. Once you take somebody who thinks science is hard and give them a top 1% in science, even though it's really easy, they're like, holy shit, I guess I'm smart. I guess I could be top 1% in all my other subjects too if I'm 1% in science. And then that changes them to a growth mindset where they can knock out the other subjects. Language is second easiest. Work down that thing and she won't. All right, well great. This was good. I had a problem this morning. Come talk to you guys. I feel like it's almost already shipping. Almost done. So after tomorrow, let me know if there's any problems out of tomorrow's call that is in the way of you guys building this, let me know so we can fix them. Great, thank you. Tomorrow? If there's a problem? Just email me if there's an issue. I don't know if I'll be here before I head off to North Carolina.

1:20:47 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
I have not.

1:20:49 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
We've been working with his team, not Garrett, we've been working with his team to build this philanthropy app. We want to convince 100 million kids that the key to their happiness is contributing to their community. I actually think Christian's building one. I think he's doing a good job. But that is, right, if we can convince, so we'll be talking about that. So Elle's gonna be meeting some other people and touring the season two of this game, TV series.

1:21:30 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 2
Talk about longevity for a creator. No, he's the perfect example of being an expert, right?

1:21:38 - Conference Room (Benjamin Vizy) - Speaker 1
Demonstrate expertise. The other party's also really good He's like, I will tell everybody exactly how I do this. And it's just nobody will put the work in. And that's just like a crazy insight.