Joe 2025-06-24
Tue, Jun 24, 2025

1:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
$256 billion dollars... ...for our schools... Can you hear me? ...for our community colleges and schools... ...for our students... So you can sort of size how big the market is. And then you can zoom in. And then it's going to tell you, OK, there's 4.6 in this picture, I guess. We've got 3.6 in the thing. So I can zoom in to Austin. 720,000,000, 50,000 kids. And then you keep going. And then it breaks down to schools, and you've got students' tuition, overall amount. You can do normal filtering, like I'm going to cut out half the schools. Really, schools under a million are basically noise. And then what's your minimum tuitions. So for alpha, we always say, who's above who's 35 grand or above. Okay, 62 million. In Austin, there's 7700 students, we got a couple hundred, right? Like 10% market share, we're gonna go get all 1700. You know, if you're going down, when you think about yours, right, you're going to be Well, yours is everybody, right? You're like all Texas would be the equivalent. Now you're going to bring in a lot new, a lot of new customers. There's already, you know, whatever, 3 billion in private schools that's available. Now you want this same thing. You want a map of Texas with all your school districts, right? And so you can see all your schools by school district. You want it by School District, because that's how everything's measured. And you'd be able to zoom in. And then you'll be able to get green, yellow, red on how they're doing. And you'll want colors where you're like, these are my green schools. These are my red schools. And your demo. You can sit here with a reporter, right, or you can even just put it online. This should just be online on your website, this functionality, and people can just look. And just like this, I'm like, oh, let me check this school out. What school's that? Whatever, right? It'll pop it up and give you information. Now, this is giving number of students tuition, because that's what I care about. But you have three commitments. Right feedback double-click into it right but you guys should have like back to being transparent I think this is like this is your this is your superpower that because the other thing you're gonna be able to do is for good put up with public schools next to you like their academic performance like relative to yours do that right away because it's a little aggressive. Right? Because they hide all the data. Everybody hides all the data. No one's transparent. Like, Alpha's the only people who post NWA app scores. Like, everybody, right? Nobody will do that. And I think you guys just want to be, you want to be for a couple of reasons. One, you're going to be attacked as being private school, all the public funding stuff, the vouchers. And you guys just want to be, guys, we couldn't be more transparent. We are not trying to pull the wool over somebody's eyes, right? Here's our surveys, here's our results, right? And just from a marketing message that's super powerful, right? I mean, our parents, you know, there's a set of parents who are like, the data and transparency that Alpha gives, like that's reason enough to go to school, right? Whether it's the academics diving into Dash, if you've done the learning report, which kid knows, the survey results, you know, publish them all, right? So I think you guys doing it on scale, now it's scary as shit for you guys, because what if the data's bad, right? You're like, shit, what if this school sucks, and you get bad reviews? But this is where you have to have in your head, you're the platform, right? You're the platform. Does Shopify hide its reviews of the people on Shopify? No, you're like, this fucking vendor on Shopify sucks, right? Amazon is like, how many ratings does it have? Okay, nobody likes this product, don't fucking buy it, right? The reviews suck, right? And that is the power that you guys are gonna have because That's what's gonna, you want that. Because if your coach is a dick, and he's not doing love of school, right? Without this, the word of mouth that you don't know about is negative. They're talking that the school sucks, whether they're posting online or not, right? And by making it visible, Everybody can see it. And then the coach is gonna be like, shit, I gotta fix it. The same way if you get a bad review, you're like, can you fix this stuff? Right? And it allows you to be like, yes, we are dedicated, right, to really high performance. And the kids love school, they learn life skills, D1, whatever, right? We have to, and so that's part of what we have to come up with. Your dashboards and surveys, you know, when you, When you talk about scaling a business, this is sort of different than being a product innovator. When people say, are you building all these startups that do well in the small but then die when they get bigger, it's because they don't build the systems for scale. And the number one spiky point of view of the systems for scale, if you're in charge, is all the data want is hidden. All the data you want is hidden and you need to unearth it, right? That transparency is your friend, right? And people who don't like the bad data, right, because they want to manage it, that works to a limited scale because you get it and then you talk to people and you sort of keep it and keep all the little plates, you know, spitting But that's not scalable. And instead, what you have to do is put a system in place that as it grows, the system gets stronger. Amazon has, what, a million vendors? I'm sure in the beginning, Bezos interviewed them all and yelled at them when they weren't good or whatever, just threatened to kick them off or whatever. Now he's just like, whatevs. Because the system kicks us. Yeah, you gotta be the top result. And so, and if you don't like what you're getting, it means your algorithm or your question you're asking isn't right. Right? And it doesn't mean bad data is not going to come. That doesn't matter. Right? Kids don't learn 2x every, every time at alpha. Right. But the parent literally is like, my kid didn't learn 2x. We're like, you're, you're right. We tell them your kid didn't learn 2x. And here's why. The waste meter or shit, we put him in the wrong material. It was too easy. Look, he's at 99% accuracy. He just was doing easy shit. For whatever reason, he tanked his test and he already knew it. We didn't catch it. So then when he took his MAPS test, he didn't go up because it was a material that was too easy. Or whatever it is. Or, oh, your kid's not happy. Right? Because we surveyed them and they're like, screw this. And they hate their guy. Right? But once the data is out, you can fix it. And if the data is hidden, you don't even know you have a problem. And so I believe good marketing and just good, right? You have to have a public on your side. You have to, this is going to be new and crazy. You guys want to, as a spiky point of view, err on the side of transparency and your platform has to Right? Enable that. Force it. Enable it. Right? I mean, that's all Amazon is. It's just a, all it does is, right? What do people think of this vendor? What do they think of this product? Who's pricing it? I get all, right? Who gets the buy box? Because it's dependent on, you know, the pricing. They don't have to control anything anymore. Right? I mean, they did at the beginning to bootstrap. Once it got big, enough, right? Like you guys are too young, but you don't you didn't realize the day they put used books next to their new books. Like the entire world went crazy that day. Because people like what are they doing? Everybody's just going to buy the cheaper used books. They're competing with themselves. That's so stupid. Right? That was just considered crazy because eBay owned used and Amazon was And Bezos is like, the only way I can do my marketplace is if I compare the used right there to the new. And then it was over, right? As soon as he did that, because everybody's like, oh, I'm always going to Amazon. And they did buy used books, right? But he's like, whatever. They're getting a good deal. So they're always just going to keep coming back to you. Right? And that whole concept that you guys have, they come to your site. Here's all the different ones. If there's good or bad data, it's going to be there. They build up trust that way, right? So that's the, you know, you have a coach that's like, if you're not delivering the three commitments, Right? You're not delivering your page views, you're not delivering the three commitments, you know, and which one? Is it that kids don't love school? They're not learning? They're not getting life skills, right? Whatever you're having your set of commitments, D1, you know. We'll probably have some So then, so this, so anyway, have the map of Texas with all the school districts. You can also see how as you expand, right, this map, and you actually have more and more schools, right, 1,000, And that's how you're going to enforce quality. So you'll have to figure out how you want to compare to other ones. Right. Or Texas School by Vote gives us a rating for each school or district. Correct. And you're going to be able to, obviously, you're going to publish your academic results and your STAR results, right? Just this can be used for everything, right? This dashboard is independent of ... Just build it on top of ... On Tyvek and then anybody in Tyvek gets to use it. Right? Audience member 2 You have access to the dashboard you showed? Yes, so send me ... Rahul, do you know Rahul? Rahul built it. So just send him an email. Juwan Ward, CCB. But yeah, so he ... He was putting in a new feature for me. I wonder if he did. I think he's on vacation this week. But one of the things I asked him to do was to scrape ProPublica. ProPublica has all the 990s, which are all the nonprofit financials, to put. So when I click on a school, I can see their actual nonprofit financials. So Horace Mann in New York City makes $50,000 profit per student. It's outrageous how much money they make per student. They make about $100,000 of revenue per student. I mean, it's just insane that they do. And it's a nonprofit. So their school makes, like, maybe it's not 50,000 non-profit, the school makes $50 million a year. Hey, how's it going? The school makes 50 million bucks every year, right, as a non-profit, and then they just put it into the balance sheet fund thing. So. The non-profits? I am sure there are schools who absolutely lose money, someone who's getting $90,000 a year of tuition is probably not. The poorest man doesn't say that. The poorest man doesn't. The gig that these guys all do is they basically charge, I'm trying to think, they're like $65,000 tuition, and then you're required to give $30,000 plus donations. This is a non-profit. And it's a good little tax Because when you pay tuition, that's after tax. But donations are pre-tax. So you're able to sit there and be like, oh. And all those guys in New York are in the 55% tax bracket. So that $30,000 of donation is really another $65,000 pre-tax money or post-tax. That they're giving, and so it's a way to get around that we unfortunately can't avail ourselves to. We're working on the dashboard for TSA. All right, so back to the... I want to... Speaker Dustin Burrows, House Speaker, Texas House Speaker, he wants to be the school choice person in Texas. He wants to sort of own that mantle and he wants to talk to me tomorrow. Is there anything you guys want me to say to them about what you're doing? Like, I can not talk at all, or I can be like, yeah, this is the fucking greatest thing ever. Are you guys into it? Do you want me to, are you guys ready to set up a meeting with them and pitch them? Be like, we have a presentation, we're ready to go, here it is. Yeah, it doesn't have to be tomorrow. But um, I mean, I think it'll be good to pitch it to anyone, anyone that we can pitch it to. Yeah, you guys has a whole strategy you're gonna have to figure out what your school choice and the politics side of this. There's no, the only thing I can tell you is you can't avoid it. I think your biggest message of we're focused on, we're focused on sports and the kids and all that. That's really great. Not that 90% of your stuff is that you're going to have to have your 10% message of there'll be this political hot potato. Right? That's going to be out there. Right? Okay, this is the most divisive, vouchers are the most divisive thing in Texas politics. The most divisive thing in Texas politics. And you are going in and saying, I am the number one voucher player. That means camp A will love you and camp B will hate you. You have to realize when you go in and deliver the most awesome school on the planet that everybody loves, that will anger people. That will anger them a lot. Right? It will make other people stand up and be like, yeah. Right? And you guys have to be nonpartisan. You have to be so nice to the people who hate you and just be like, We're just out here trying really hard for the kids, right? You can't be the people who hate you are bad. You have to be like, I totally understand why, you know, with what they're doing, but we're just trying to create a really great experience for kids. I mean, we all there's really no partisanship in kids, is there? Right? That has to be your message. Right? But you will get, you know, did you did Max McCorkel today, Max McCorkel is the headmistress of the AI apocalypse, right? Here she comes with evil shadowy billionaire helping her out, right? Well, one is, but back to, what's the fact base that's bad? I mean, fundamentally, you're just making stuff, you know, the AI apocalypse. What is the AI apocalypse, right? What does that really mean? But it's just this fear, and we don't like it. And well, when they were private school, it was fine. But now that they're trying to do charter school, it's terrible. You'll notice it came out the day before our Texas charter vote. So tomorrow is our big charter meeting with the Texas board. And the day before, the AI apocalypse comes out. And so anyway, it's controversial. There's no getting around it. No, this is Texas. So we're trying to get a Texas charter. As well, we have Arizona. We're trying to get Texas Texas is as friendly a state as you can get. But it's still like they are coming, coming for. And it's just back to the thing, which is, the better your product, the more can't be will hate you. If you have a shitty product that doesn't educate people, they're like, Oh, no, threat. I have a really good product. You're like, Oh, I don't like you. Anyway, but that's why you have to be transparent. That's why you need this map. That's why you're just showing it all right. And they will they'll take screenshots and look at this crappy school or whatever. And you know, do a whole article on it out. A consumer will go in and see 998 of the other schools are really good. Right. And they're just cherry picking it. Right? No, like, and you're gonna on the one thing you're gonna have on the Texas star that we have to figure out is, um, there's two measures right on maps, achievement and growth. Right? And your growth will be number one in the country in the state by far. No one's even touch But your achievement will not be because you don't test. You're not going to reject people if they come in low. You're going to take in low achievement and grow that way, which is sort of the whole point of a school. But they're going to point to your low achievements and broadcast them. Oh, look. And you're going to sit there and be like, what the fuck? They're growing like crazy. Yes, I took them. They didn't know anything, but they're growing. But they're going to point out. Right? And how many parents know the difference between achievement and growth? Right? All those kinds of things. But your kids are going to love school. They're going to be playing sports. They're going to be learning like crazy. It'll be fun. You'll have great reviews. Right? All the parents will carry you through. And so back to what I would believe, back to your next step of I don't know where you guys are on product development. Like we talked about last time of, you know, your messaging. And so just diving into, has it changed? The best middle school for serious. Here's the name of it. If you're looking for Rob Walter, you can just type it in your D one athlete middle school. We're That's middle school for D1 athletes. Athletic excellence. And it feels good. You've lived with it a couple days, slept on it. You're like, your coaches like it. Yeah, nine of 10 or whatever. I think one of the things that just for simplicity for you guys, in general, People try to be overly precise. And you want to use the level and sharpen concept, where you level out the differences, level out the noise, and sharpen the point you're trying to make. It's a storytelling technique. Bad storytellers tell all the details. You want to level out the details because you're relevant, and then you spend your time in the story on the point. So you level and sharpen. And the reason I'm bringing this up is, you're at D1 middle school, and that's what you guys are going to go with, even though someone's going to say, well, that school has a fourth grader. That school has a ninth grader. You're like, there's some exceptions. Whatever. We're at D1 middle school. To change your message to incorporate the corner cases. You just lock in, and you're like, yeah, whatever. And so just in general, I find startup people often try to be too precise, get the point of the story across. So great, D1 Middle School. All right, so let's talk about what, back to managing for scale, right? These dashboards are not just for the customers who are going to love them. Oh my God, these guys are totally transparent. I know which ones to pick, right? They are for you to know all your schools and all your students are crushing it and where you need to try to fix it. Okay. And so what data do you want? Right. So I'll go through just like some of mine and then we can talk about for sports Academy. This is just the easy one. This is like what I have for alpha. Like this is, I have a quick site. For alpha that I use that's not on time back. So a lot of what we're doing is recreating what I have on my old platform that everybody just needs for the new platform. And so you have schools, right? So we have our map, right? You're gonna be able to do it, but you also have, and that's a cool, sexy graphic that you can zoom in on. And so that's sort of one interface, but then fundamentally, it's basically just a database application. It's just a core database application where you're like, okay, I have my schools, and the three things that I look at for mine are my three commitments. What percent of the kids love school? What percent are learning 2X? What percent do life skills? And so I can look at this, and they're all color-coded, Right? Green, yellow, red, based on the percentage. I built everything in QuickSight as the tool. You can just make this just a simple BI app. So there's a couple different dimensions. One is percent of check chart complete. Right? We added one. And we'll talk, some of these have multiple dimensions. Double click on them when we get there. But life skills dimension is, are you done with your check charts? Because you can't level up until your check chart's done. The other one is, this year we're like, second grade said, our kids are going to do five impossible things at the beginning of the year. And so you're like, OK, well, what percent of the five have they done? Did they run their 5k in 35 minutes? Right? Whatever it was. The kindergarten, did they climb the 40-foot rock wall? Did you guys see Austin Scholar this weekend? You guys should look for Austin Scholar's Substack this weekend. It's all about kindergarten. I mean, it's just... I mean, the academic results, the videos of all the kids, It is, you watch those videos, and what's crazy is it's like good marketing. They're magnets. Like the set of parents who should be at Alpha, look at their kids at 40 feet up. 40 feet up is four stories up, right? They're kindergartners, four stories up, right, on the wall, right? And there's a set of parents who are like, that's the most awesome thing I've ever seen, and my kid's loving it. And there's another set of parents who are like, I'm never sending my kid to that school. That is insane. And the kids are riding their bikes five miles, and the girl's like wiping out and putting on bandages and getting back on her bike. There's a set of parents who love it and a set of parents who hate it. And we should attract the people who love it. In your sports academy, it's going to be the same thing. You're going to have these videos, and some parents are going to be like, that's what I want for my kid, and some are going to be like, Okay, so schools, just on a bar, and you can just look at this, right? Here's all my schools, right? Green, yellow, red on my three percentages, right? I can sort on each one, right? Simple ... Right? QuickSight does all this stuff, but whatever your equivalent that you build on top of What else do you want to know about your schools? Go ahead. Audience building is going to be a big part of our schools. Audience building? Yes. So we want to see how many youths are the kids getting for the videos they're posting on Instagram. And kids aren't getting youths and we've got to be coaching them. And that was an ultra-tough one. And you want a fourth column here, right, which is basically ... Well, I would do it ... Actually, maybe you do it over here on the other side. Right, and social, just so you're not ... You're showing parents. Right, and what's going to be really interesting is ... The people with the more views, the parents, you're going to be able to sort by views. Parents are like oh these are the best videos right and it sort of just becomes it'll create pressure right to be like yeah you got a freaking show why your school's awesome guys don't keep you know most schools are very secretive you don't know what goes inside like inside a classroom known as any idea what goes inside on a school day right you sort of hear some stuff when your kid says something at home but you don't really You guys are like bringing transparency to it. So views and then three commitments. Great. And back to the point where on product development, you have your strong message. Now you just want to build this. Because this is going to define, this does more to define your product than anything else. Because if you're not measuring it at scale, So it's not going to happen. If it's not on one of these dashboards, it's not going to happen. My three commitments, I couldn't get Math Academy into my old platform. Back to last year, high school rolled out on a new platform. I kept K through 8 on the old platform. High school could deal with all the bullshit, and it's not really working. Math Academy was on the new platform. And so it was tracked. Math Academy wasn't on the K-8 platform. I wasn't going to enroll in Math Academy K-8. Middle schoolers came and said, no, we want to be top 1% ISEE, SSAD, you know, please, please, right? Okay, fine. We got them a second laptop because it's a different platform, right? And did it, but it didn't roll up into the K-8 We had all these contests on getting top 1%, August, December, because that's when the test is. Stupid me, in January, the contest stopped, and the kids weren't getting tracked. June MAP scores weren't as high as I expected for the best students in middle school. Go in, dive in. Fuck, they stopped working in math. Right? Just wasn't being tracked in their dashboard. We didn't see it. Right? These are our best students. They're like, whatever, I'm already going to loss or alpha high, I'm top 1% getting in, right? Also in work disappears. Right? You don't track it. You right, you lose it. I mean, and that's as positive a play zone as you're going to get is the alpha eighth grade 1% kids, right? And they're still going to... From what? Love of school thing? Or... So that should all be in love of school. So our metric for love of school is your guide and your school. Now these roll up, right, from, and we'll get to that in a second, because these, you have a breakdown of each one. Then it's just like you click on one and you get all the students. Right? And then for every student, Three commitments. Yes, yes, yes. You know, love school. Yes, I'm learning. Yes, I'm learning life skills, because you have now athletics, you're four. Right? Oh, and you have the views, because the kids have to post videos. So then you have views over here, right? Or whatever. And so you can just see every student. Right? Same thing. Green, yellow, red. Okay, this guy's red. It's not learning 2x. Yes, no, red. And so you're going to be able to see each student. This is fundamentally how you manage the school. This is what the coach does. The coach comes in every day and is like, here's my 25 kids. I'm accountable to deliver the three commitments. At Alpha, we break it by our guide groups. And the guide wakes up every day and is like, OK, I'm accountable to deliver the three commitments. We do it in session. You can pick whatever thing. But I have to deliver the three commitments. If it's a no, then I need to fix it. And what you're going to want, we're just doing the dashboard. But to your point of how you fix it, we have a worksheet that a guide fills out when they're not delivering the three commitments. What am I going to do to change it? They say things like, OK, he's not motivated. What are you going to change in motivation for the next session so that they will be? One thing is, are you guys running sessions or just you're running standard public school? Yeah, just manage the public school calendar. So we'll break down, because any of these, you can figure out how you want to roll them up. Right? So then it's just students, but this becomes the core of how the coach manages the school. Right? And these are the things you're going to just, you're just going to tell the coach, get them all degrees. Get them all, get your dashboard degree. Right? And then you'll have, you'll help them diagnose what's the issue, right? Kids doesn't like school, okay, why not? He hates sports, okay, why'd you let him in? Right, I mean, some things become sort of obvious, right? Okay, then on love of school, right, what breaks it down is, right, just a simple one, I'd rather go to school, you know, We have survey questions. You get these with survey questions on low school. One is, do you love school? It's like 96%, so it's sort of useless. You'll want to have that question just so that you can count 96% of our kids love school. But the second question that really gets you the data you need, right? Because you can't tell which school is better when everything's 96%, right? But when you're like, who wants to go to school instead of vacation, right? That gets you real data. Because that's much harder, right? Your discernment on who's a good guide, or in this case, a good school. And then third, you know, for the guide, it's like, every adult has had a teacher or coach who transformed your life. Is your coach that for you? Right. And so you'll have those, right, and then they'll be there. Now, and just talking about this, about managing for scale and trying to figure this work for 1,000 schools, you know, coaches will pressure their people to say yes. Right? You wish they wouldn't. They're absolutely going to do that, right? Score me highly, right? So you're going to have to figure out how to do that on some quality control mechanism. I can do it, and McKinsey can do it because we are in the schools. I just talk to the kids. And if somebody was doing that, it gets out. We have enough rotation where people go into Brownsville or Miami, we go visit them, hear about it. The best check is the parents. So back to survey, the parents will be like, my kid's not happy. They're saying yes on the survey, they're not happy. And so it gives us a check. Middle schools, you still can get some of that. High school, you sort of lose it, right? But in middle school, you know, K through five, whatever the parent says is probably true. You know, middle school, it sort of becomes, they lie to their parents a lot, just for whatever reason. And so that's a check and balance you have. Then the second, unlearn 2x. So unlearn 2x, you basically have a couple, you have the fundamental, now we'll have to think with you guys, which is you're going to have a complex set. So you're gonna have the MAP score, which is given three times a year, that's okay, the kids are learning 2X, and you gotta keep that, right? You're also gonna get the new 2025 version, where everybody got fucking dumb, and so learning 2X is trivial. So like, you know, we're benchmarking against 2020, but back to our awesome school system where everybody fucking doesn't know So getting 2x is like trivial, like the graph just goes straight down. You can see the graph, right? It's just literally like, oh, we decided not to have people learn. And actually, for people, the only people who didn't plummet precipitously is like the top 10%. They still went down, just not like crazy. I mean, the 50th percentile and the 25th percentile, and theirs goes literally like, fuck, we didn't learn shit. And so being 2x in that world is going to be trivial. So like an alpha system, we're going to let you stay benchmarked against 2020. Because you're just like, it's just, it's, you know, maps becomes useless in high school because, you know, it flatlines and no one really learns in high school. So we throw away maps for high school and use APs and SATs. Top, you know, it's sort of getting that life. Fuck! Anyway, your marketing is 2x, right? Make it an easy benchmark. Don't set the bar too high. Just crush it. So you're going to have a maps test. You also have to do Texas Star, which we do internally, but we don't publish our Texas Star results. You're going to have to publish your Texas Star results. Technically, that's not true. You don't have to. I recommend you do. So Texas Star, here's what's complicated about Texas Star. Yes, there's an end of year test, an official test. I don't think you actually need to worry about that one. When you finish a grade level, you're doing two grade levels in one year. So technically, August, December, you should take the 7th grade Texas Star, because you should be done with 7th grade. And then from January to June, you should be done with the 8th grade one. Right? Now, your problem is your kids coming in are going to be like 4th grade. And this is where it all gets complicated, where your kid's going to come in at 4th grade, and you're going to have them take the fourth grade Texas Star, right? And then the fifth grade Texas Star, right? And they'll be doing two grade levels in one year, right? And MAP score is going to show 2x. But they're not going to crush the seventh grade Texas Star. They crush it much higher than they would have, but they won't have passed our grade level test, right? If you take someone coming into your school, you're gonna let in a guy who does not means, right? And does not means is, let's say he's a 7th grader, he's gonna come in and get 25% of the questions right on the 7th grade test, right? That means he's gonna take the 4th grade test, right? And have to learn some stuff to get a 90% on the 4th grade because we don't pass you unless you're a 90, right? So then he'll get a 90 on the fourth grade, then he'll get a 90 on the fifth grade. And in that case, if he was like 25% in seventh grade, he probably can do, he'll do fourth grade, fifth grade, and like half of sixth grade in one year. Right, and so that's what you're gonna have, and that's confusing, right? Now, when are If he makes the seventh grade in Texas Star, if he started at 25%, if he did that whole thing, he probably would end up top 25% in the Texas Star by the end of the year, from bottom 25 to top 25, right? He would go from doesn't need to proficient, right? That's all really complicated for parents to understand all this grade level shit. Maps says he learned 2x. Maps said he learned 2x. We all good? Right? Because they don't understand this grade level mastery stuff. So you just sort of put it out there. You have to do two hour learning. Texas Star, I can. Maps doesn't measure master. Right? Maps just says relative to everybody else what you are. You're 99%. You're learning 2x relative. But it doesn't say you've mastered eighth grade or sixth grade. State tests are what measure that. Mastering. And so our kids aren't like we give you in this case, fifth grade work. You're not allowed to take a sixth grade problem until you get a 90 plus percent on the fifth grade Texas When are you done with fifth grade? You're done with fifth grade when you can score over 90% on the Texas Star. And until you get over 90%, I put you back in fifth grade material to keep learning it. Right? And so if you fail, i.e. Under a 90, we figure out what questions you missed, and then we go teach you those lessons. Then you go back and do those lessons. And once you learn them, you're like, okay, now I can get a book at night. It is the new power. One of the things right now, and you're going to see on top of time back is we have a new PowerPath API that right now kids can go through all the lessons. In an entire grade level and take no quizzes along the way, just take all the lessons, grind lessons. And then when they get to the Texas Star, they can miss like 20% or 30% of them. Because they didn't do spaced repetition, they just grind through all the lessons. We are going with the new PowerPath, you are going to get a checkpoint and have quizzes during all the lessons. Third grade math, right? Every 25 lessons you're gonna have a quiz and you're not allowed to advance until you master the quiz, right? So we did this back to our high school platform. It used to be you could go through all the AP curriculum and then you take an AP test and you're like, shit, what did I get? One, two, three, four, five, right? We're like, so fucked up. So now you do unit one and you can't get out of unit one till you get a five and we give you, a unit test that's only unit one material, but you've got to get a five. And then you do unit two, and you have to get a five. It's a sum of, it's cumulative. So you got the quiz you get at the end of unit two is one and two, and you can't get past unit two until you get a five on that. And then you do one, two, three, right? And so that gives you your spaced repetition, right? And so we're basically taking that AP algorithm we used in high school this year and putting it into, it's part of the time back power path. Algorithm. And that way, right, right now, our average kid takes between two and three reps to get the Texas star right, where they take it, shit, I missed a bunch of questions, go back, get a new personalized lesson plan, I go through all that material, and go back. Shit, I went from 70 to 85. Right? I get the delta again, do it again. Go back. Oh, wait, I want 100 for 100 because I got a 94. Give me those last lessons. I go back. Okay, I got 100, I get $100. Right, that loop. And what we want to do is make it first time right. Back to quality metrics, just we want them to go through and pass that test the first time. When someone's going right, that's reworked, which is bad in manufacturing, right? You want just first-time write quality. And so that's what the new PowerPath algorithm to get us is, first-time write. And so it'll take your, back to we're always trying to shrink time, those extra quizzes take extra time than not doing the quizzes when you're doing them, but holistically, because you don't have to rework the test, your total time through the grade level is less. And so that's the thing. And that whole concept of that loop around mastery is what no app does. Like that is our tech tip. There's no app. Khan doesn't do it. Ixl doesn't do it. Nobody does it. All these AI slop tutors, right? None of them do it. They're like, oh, just go in and fucking do this, da, da, right? There is no mastery component. We're like, you can't advance until you pass a mastery test. Right? Nobody does that. Right? Right? We're buying synthesis. Synthesis doesn't do it. Nobody fucking goes up on their test scores except the top 10 GT kids. Right? Because they don't enforce that mastery. And we were like, keep going, kid. Back, back, back. Kids can do whatever they want. Yeah, totally. Yeah. Go into IXL. You can frickin' just do all the lessons. I mean, IXL, one of the things that blows everybody's mind when they read that we use IXL, they're like, nobody can get IXL to work and have kids learn along, nobody. No school gets it, all the studies show it doesn't really work that well. And for us, it's awesome, right? And everybody's like, how? And it's like $9. Everybody's like, this piece of shit, $9. How the fuck are they charging $10,000 for this thing? And it's like, literally don't understand learning science. Like, for example, if you only do iExcel SmartScore at 80, it's a waste of time, right? Waste of time. There is no standardized test you will pass because the question is just too easy, right? Number two, it lets kids just do whatever lessons they want, right? And so they can just race ahead. And they're like, oh my God, look, I'm in seventh grade. And it's diagnostic, it's totally non-mastery based. So if some fourth grader It's like, oh, I finished fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh grade. You give them a fourth grade star test, they fail. If you want the best example of this, you should ask my daughter, Austin Scholar. In seventh grade, she was in 10th and 11th grade, I excelled in math. Woo, fucking crush it and everything's great. No, fucking alpha. This is pre-me being principal. And The head of school is like, Oh, you need to take the Texas teach test. It wasn't a star. It was a different test. I'm getting the acronym for it. Right in seventh grade, you should take algebra because for can I Excel says you know it. She takes an algebra test and fails it. Okay, my daughter's not into failing a test. She's like, holy shit. And you only get to take this test twice. Right? And then boom, that's it. And you won't get credit. Right? And she failed it. And it's because the IXL standard is too low. Right? And that's why people are like, oh my God, how does IXL or CON work? Because you take this fricking Texas test for algebra and you fail it. And you did what IXL said to do. Yes. So in IXL, Well, 10th grade for sure. I Excel, you should sort of stop in eighth grade and you should move to, we moved to math academy next year, we'll move in fifth grade. But I Excel, if you don't go to smart score 100. So a lesson, the way an I Excel lesson works is you're, you're taught it and then you have questions you have to answer, right? And there's three types of question difficulty, easy, medium and hard. Right, and it goes like zero to 60 is really easy, then 60, 80 is harder, right, then there's 90, then 90 to 100. On the difficulty level, if you stop at 80, which is what the IXL website says, you're not doing the hard questions. And so when you get to a standardized task, you're gonna miss the hard question, because that's when they come out. Well, that's why, if you can't pass the Texas Star, you have gaps. Gaps is measured by, the state tests actually are good determiners, determinants of mastery. They're not the best, but they're close enough, right? And so if you can't get a 90 plus percent on seventh grade math, you don't know fucking seventh grade math, right? You just don't know it, and that creates holes. And so you have to go fill them. And that's the problem with all this educational slop, right? Is there just like, we have no standards and you just did the curriculum, that's enough. There's this concept, just do the curriculum, right? In online apps, take some easy ass quiz, you know it, right? And you're like, that's totally fucked up people, that's not even close. There's no learning science mastery based system that does that. But that's why everybody's like, how fast I can learn my great Socratic tutor. Right? And why they're all bullshit. Right? And why no one delivers the outcomes we do. And so anyway, that's the and so and so this we use you can use Florida star, we're trying we were the 4000 I sent him out the 4000 questions on any NAP is actually the gold standard, right? So NAP is the nationwide test, right? And it's the gold standard. Most states, if you said, what's the difference between TEKS curriculum, right, and Common Core, there's two changes. And this is true of every state. There's two changes. In the test itself. Most states basically take the common core curriculum that's measured by NAEP and say, that's too fucking hard. That lesson that they try to teach in third grade, let's teach it in fourth grade. And that lesson in third grade, let's teach that in fifth grade. Let's just make this shit easier. Because what they do is they get their test results back and they look at what their kids miss. And they're like, God, everybody's missing question 42 and Third grade, fuck it, make it a fourth grade question. They changed their standard just to make it easier. That's why when you hear about the great gap, the lie gap, whatever it's called, the honesty gap, the honesty gap has two parts. One is they made their state standard easier than the national. And then second, they determined passing. Texas passing is 50%. I mean, on what planet do you 50% on a test and be like, dude, you know it. You totally fucking crushed this thing. Whoa. I mean, it's 50 fucking percent. In a four question multiple choice. There's no mastery. These kids don't know shit. Right? All that. So that's the honesty gap. The second thing, and this is what hangs everybody up on these standards, 3% of the curriculum, 3% is some whack job state-specific thing that some guy in the state legislature thought was really fucking important, right? And sometimes it's things like financial literacy, right? Sometimes it's the Alamo, the fucking Alamo. We're in Texas or in Florida, it's the Seminoles. Right? Everybody's got their in my state. I have this little thing. And then in like Texas, you also get like in the red belts, you get some religion. We got to put this religion about how this Bible lessons really important, whatever it is, teach the 10 commandments is important, but it's like 3% of the curriculum. So back to all our learning apps, just teach common core. Cause if you crush common core, you're going to crush the state test, even if you don't learn that 3%. You just can totally ignore it. Especially because if you're at the common core curriculum, you're learning in third grade what everybody else is learning in fourth and fifth, so you're going to be crushing the third grade material. So that's how you get around them. Go ahead. Alpha guide training is the 14th to the 24th. This is new to me. Yeah, you guys should totally go, but let me give you better advice. You can do a video explainer. But yeah, you should go. I thought AI could like guide people through using an app these days. Nope. I mean back to Not at all. None of it. So learning how to use the app should be an AI, an explainer, right? But our guides don't do the apps at all. Our guides are like, what the fuck's going on in this app? Our guides are like, how are you going to motivate the kids? You have a one-on-one with them. What are you going to discuss with the kid? You have 25 minutes, one-on-one session with the kid. Once a month, you have a one-on-one lunch, right? You're not allowed to talk about school. Let's role play. The kid won't talk. You have a very quiet kid who doesn't want to talk to anybody. Okay. Do you know the check chart inside and out? Do you know every workshop? Here's our bank. Of 700 workshops we've run, you have to create a workshop for next session. What are you going to do? Right? Design a workshop. How are you going to prove this? What's a test to pass? How do you deal with a parent? What is the dean of parents role? Right? You're going to be set. No, you're getting these, this is going to be trivial for you guys. I'm so not worried about your guide training. Here's if I had to go to the average coach that I expect you're going to have, this is why you have to create this. Cause when you walk through this or they walk through it and they see the survey questions, that they're gonna be asked and that it's gonna be published, they're gonna know exactly what all this means, right? I mean, like during staff days, we just sat there and we're like, well, I remember the first time, this was, you know, the first year was a little rough, right? When I was coming in, we're changing everything. Now it was awesome, because like we did staff days and I was like, all right, we need to raise the bar on love of school, right? And we need fricking, right, great questions got like, Okay, instead of vacation or middle school, I mean, high school doesn't even want to go on summer break. I'm like, those are to our gold standard. You know, what are other hard ones, right, about loving school? And they were coming up with, you know, would you be happy if your guy died? But, you know, just coming up with really hard questions. A good one for younger kids is, do you think, was the first day of school better are the last days? And every kid says last day. And Alpha kids say first day. Are you looking forward to first day or last day of school? But we're on this, you know, the session at the end of it where we're going through all the different things. I was like, you know, what's really great about this whole session that we do is everybody wonders why Alpha is great. It's because we sat here literally for hours coming up with if taped this and showed this to parents, every parent would send their kid to Alpha because you literally just saw this room full of guys saying, how do we ask harder questions to really know if they love school? Like one of the ones we were trying to talk about community and culture, where it's just like, what do you ask a kid to really, like my friends, I feel my classmates would make fun of me behind my back, right? Solid question, right? Where we're like, OK, should we put that in a survey? And there's pros and cons, obviously. But you saw a group of people literally trying to say, what are the hardest questions I can ask to find out the truth so I can make the school better? And you're just like, OK, you'd send your kid to a school like that because of the exercise you saw. And that's what you guys are doing. And that's what we have a whole list. We have an entire database of every kid in the school and what trying to do to motivate them, right? And you just show that sheet to anybody. They're like, holy shit, there's no school in the world. He's like, here's the four things we've tried. They didn't work. This kid doesn't give a shit about money. He doesn't care about his teammates and whatever it is. So that's all the stuff that you're doing with the guides. But back to the question. And that's why you should just build this, because when you show it to coaches, they'll know immediately what the ramifications are. Because they're used to dealing with kids, right? And so when you show them, like, look, your kid must love school. Literally, we're going to ask them, do you rather go to school than vacation? And you're going to have some sports coaches who are like, fuck that. Right? Just, I remember when I was told this 10 years ago, I'm like, ah, school's sort You know, spinach. Right? It's not like a vacation. What are you talking about? Right? It was like a new idea to me. Right? And so coaches are going to have to have that new idea. Right? And then the 2x in 2 hours is going to be the most controversial part, because your coaches, like everybody who's never done it, is like, that's impossible. They're gonna say, your frickin' rich alpha people are not the comparison group. Those aren't my athletes, right? And you have to be like, this is it, right? And you're gonna have to convince them, right? And the hard part, like if I was messaging on this, guys, This whole system gets shut down if you fucking don't deliver 2X and 2X. I don't know how to express on any dimension. Like if I was sitting in a room full of them, I'd be like, guys, I don't know how to convince you on any dimension. First off, if the kids aren't fucking learning, the vouchers go away. Guys, like, let's just start there. This can't be, I dick around all day. Nobody's gonna allow a school where they dick around all day. They're gonna be like, get the kid, back into public school and get them into class, right? And the only way that you're going to be allowed to not have that kid in class for six fucking hours is if his test scores crush it, not a little bit better, crush it so nobody can fight it. And so if you're signing up to be part of this program, you are fucking agreeing to it. And if you don't agree, Do not sign up because you're going to ruin it for everybody. I'm going to fucking kick you out because we have to protect the system because we know it's possible. And if you don't believe in it, don't sign up. I know, and it's just back to the thing, but you have to understand it all goes away. Right. And it is logical. You're like, we're taking kids out of school for six hours and saying they're going to learn more if they don't. Learn more this comes to an end no one's like here let's play vouchers so kids can run around all day and not learn shit okay that's not what the government's saying it's not what the voters are saying it's not what the parents want nobody fucking wants and this is the measure right and so and and you're just like I don't know how to express how important is we could totally help you if the kids We know how to deliver this. Great. Great. As you expanded to rural Texas in 1200, just can't. It's just, shit, I have it at Texas Sports Academy from fucking, parents have been at Alpha for three years, right? She's like, well, once you've been here three years, it gets really hard to do 2X, because you've been doing 2X every year, and so it just gets too hard. You can't just keep doing 2X forever, and you're like, Actually, it's the opposite. It's easier the older you get. So 2x becomes easier as you get older, not harder. But the parents have in their head, it's harder because, you know, 2x, 2x, 2x. There's a whole view that 99% people can't learn 2x because you're already at the top. Right? Fucking Claude says it. If you pull up our map scores, they're like, wow, you're breaking the most important insight of education is that there's a cap on the top end. And you're like, it's only a cap because you didn't give the kids the fucking material before and our apps do. Right? In seventh grade, you only gave the kids seventh grade material. So of course, there was a natural cap, because you didn't give them the eighth grade book. But our app just once they finished seventh grade, give them the eighth grade book. So there really is no cap. Right? But just shit like that. So anyway, So anyway, so back to that's a message. And then the third around life skills. I don't know how much the athletic performance, how edgy, right? But the part for you that I would be pushing on is they gotta love it and they gotta learn like crazy. You're not gonna have to worry about the sports, the coaches, that's their whole thing, right? And so how much of the life skills versus athletics is going to be your balance? Like, do you want to teach in public speaking or audience building? Right? And how much? As a percent of the day, how many seven-on-seven drills are they not going to do? Right? I'm going to expect, though, that there's going to be enough free time. Kids can't just frickin' intensely, right? And if your workshops are good, right? We'll be like, shit, I want to do audience book. So alright, so back to this, we got the students. So love of school is the survey to the kids. And so you should look at the alpha survey and create what you're gonna have, and we should come up with those questions. This is back to your Shopify platform, right? You're gonna have to have this for, right, the survey capability built into your platform, right? And you're gonna have to survey parents and kids, right? I assume coaches too. They're your customers at the end of the day. My view is this should be the core of what you're selling. But I wouldn't go talk to, I'd go fill it out and show it to the head of the whatever dude I just told you. The house. What's his name? Burroughs? Whatever. If Max McCorkel's talking to the governor tomorrow, I'd show this to the governor as soon as I could. I'd show it to the head of the house of representatives. Anybody who's into school choice, I would show it. Your whole press campaign, you got your five little schools on it, and then you have a, this is what we're going to be. Back to your seizure data. Right? This, I mean, when you're trying to talk about what your school is, you're going to have your vision, but this is what makes it real. Right? And when people see it, and then you talk about, no, I'm talking transparency, this literally look at this, this is your demo. This is your demo of your school, right? You're going to have videos on stuff, but fundamentally like we're going to have schools and kids and here it is, right? You can imagine the animation of all 1,200 schools lighting up one in every district, right? And then you're looking at all the ratings and everything, and you can go dive in. You can imagine showing that to a parent. This is how you're going to decide your school, right? You go, you're talking to the press. You're like, this is it. This is what we're doing. And this is so new. No one's ever seen this before, right? And this level of data you're going to be able to show, this transparency I think is Right. You'll be able to get all these, you know, back to whatever long form podcast you guys want to be on. Like, Hey, let me show you what we're doing. So I would believe back to your product. This should be the next, this demo will help you solidify your product. You have your hardcore message. I'm D one. From middle. This dashboard is going to define what your product is. The survey and that includes this is the survey questions right all of this and I can it also will help me or help you refine what it is and what you're going to be missing. So and you can just take that all the survey stuff, right, for now. But, like, we have a new dean of parents who started today. And I'm like, I want you to don't look at our survey questions. I want you to just come up, ground up, like, what are the best survey questions to know if parents love the school, right? And so you have students. Parents is a different dimension, right? But love of school, 2x. On 2x, you're going to have the MAPS test result. But then you're going to have the intermediate scores. And this is basically, have you done enough lessons to be on track to be 2x? So back to what we use, these are intermediate metrics. And we don't have the parents focus on them, because once again, it gets really Because I did 75% of the curriculum. My kid completed the curriculum, but he only got a 70% on the test. He's not fucking done. The parents are like, he did 100% of the curriculum. They're like, well, he only got 70, so he's got to go back. He didn't really learn it, right? That whole thing. So we don't, we don't, that's why we just focus them on maps, right? But you'll be able to look at the dashboard and say, there's 110 seventh grade math questions. It's November, he's done 10. Not on track. Right? And so you'll know on daily, like if you look in dash, right? Are you doing your daily weekly session goals? Right? And so that you can just bubble up, right? Because we're constantly and we just constantly update your predicted map score. Right? Because we're just like, okay, Are you going to finish seventh grade on time? Are you going to finish eighth grade? And you guys got to finish two grade levels in one year. Yeah, correct. Yep. Yep. Too long. Too long. Got it? Send it to me. There's no... I will give you advice. One page. Who came up with 8 pages? Yeah? What are you, eight pages of shit? They're not gonna do it. They're not gonna do it. What's in the eight pages, like legalese or like real shit? Sure, in ELA, that you don't read and click through, sure. You can have as many pages on that as you want. That's not the contract. Now, for that one, Lance Jones, give it to Artie. But, what? Yeah, just email me on it, but it's truly irrelevant. What are you gonna do if they don't do it? I Understand they want a contract give it to him totally fine But there's no they want to make sure you're not who the fuck are you all those things once It's like an ELA right Once there's 50 people on schools on the system The next 1,200 people are not gonna read the contract Right, do you read all your emails? Like fuck everybody else clicks it, I click it. Right, that's just how it works. So yeah, but your first, guys, it's great. And the answer is Lance Jones and Artie. Right, around it. And there will be important, I'm downplaying it. There's important legal shit there, so you're not in violation of the ESA Charter, the ESA Agreement, because you have to be a subsidiary of a thing that's been there two years with the certification. Yeah, all that bullshit. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm, I'm downplaying it, but yes, get a good legal agreement. It can be 10 pages, same page. That doesn't matter. That covers it. What matters is you have a one page meeting of the mind with the coach meeting in the minds. And that's what I can help on. Right. And that's what matters is because that's where your discussion with them. Dude, seriously, like number four, we literally talked about that before he signed it. And you're not delivering number four. Like seriously, the kids don't love school, they hate it. You should go get, ask Chris Locke for the alpha high contract with the students. Great, I even, I can't remember what that one is. Here you go. I'll send it to you, but here if you just, here's the Alpha 2021, this is from 2020. Alpha is building the best school in the world, one where students own their education. Building the best is exceptionally hard. To succeed, the students of level four establish and adopt the articles of this contract. Level four was high school. Article one, accountability. I am personally accountable for my actions and my work. This means that my school and my parents are not responsible for my education. I own my education. Coming to Alpha is my choice. Initial here, right? If you're coming in, this is you, kid. Not your fucking parents, not anything. Can't blame Alpha, you're in charge. Self-driven learner, right? And so whenever they would complain about shit, we're like, can we go back to Article 1, like, seriously, people, right? It forces accountability, right? Do you want to come to the school or not, right? OK, I do. Article 2, commitment. I understand that my goals at Alpha are difficult. 99 percentile MAP scores, that's back when we thought MAPs were so good, 1,500 33 ACT. Five on three plus AP tests. Acceptance to a top 20 university. I am committed to strive for excellence. Initial here. You want to come into this program or not? To achieve my goals, challenging work will be required. Three apps for each course. Okay, this was, I forgot about that. We used to, there was no one app that would cover all the curriculum. And so we basically had three different apps, because we didn't have a mastery standard in any one of them. And we hadn't figured out how to do that back then. So we're like, fuck, you're just going to have to do all of IXL, all of Khan, and all of Newton, right? Three different apps. And after you went through all three, that would sort of get you there. It was brutal back then. Life skills, projects, and workshops, Alpha X projects, I do the work initial year. I will complete each year of the level four program to earn the right to advance to the next year. Guys, you're not here for four years. You're here for one year. And if you're really good, you could be here for next year. Right? You're going to earn it. Article three, resilience. Owning my education, accomplishing my goals will be hard work, but I will do the work to be part of Alpha. I will fail sometimes, but I will take setbacks as temporary and bounce back quickly." That was the guys. We're like, guys, I need this. I need them to, like, point to them. Guys, are we bouncing back? Are we bouncing back? Right? Engagement. I have the opportunity to do something real in high school. This is rare. I will use my time in Level 4 to do something ambitious, bold, and significant. I will pursue an ambitious project that excites me." Initial year, that's their AlphaX. Community. I am part of a community. I promise to contribute positively to that community. I will not lie, cheat, or steal. I will be responsible, loyal, and considerate to those around me. Initial year. Sign. And so you can imagine, if you have a contract with the coach and a contract like, different wording for him, and a contract like that for each kid, do you know how much easier it gets to manage a school versus not having them? First off, back to marketing as a magnet, You know how many kids look at that and think, fuck that? Right? And you're like, don't come. Right? I don't want to be a D1 athlete. Right? I mean, you're going to have, like, right? Like, this is what, like, Jamal obviously didn't have. Like, literally, I don't want to play sports. I mean, how is that not in the contract? I want to play sports. Right? So I don't know which the Sports Academy 1 contract is, but does it have, like, I want to play sports, I will aggressively play sports and get better? Now, kindergartners don't sign this, right? This is high school level. You'll have a middle school version. Right? But that's that contract, right? Kids, I mean, it's, you have to get kids commitment. And kids can totally do it. Right? And I assume in sports teams, right? Coaches won't be like as freaked out as like teachers freak out when they see this. But well, the other problem we had when we had this is parents think 1500 SAT is based on IQ. Like it has nothing fucking to do with IQ. It's work. And parents don't believe that. And so they're like, my kid can't commit to something because maybe they're not smart enough. You're like, it's just time. It's energy. It's effort. But in sports, most people ... No one's going to fail out of D1 athletics in middle school, are they? I mean, there's a point where athletic matters, but it's not in seventh grade. Okay, so there's a contract what else did you have Yeah do the agreement but and then Arthur and Lance Jones all will do it and get that locked in for you But once again back to what you guys need to be getting on is The product, the first is, okay, we're D1. Now it's, this is it. As you define these survey questions, you define the contract with the kid and the coach, not the legal one, but the meeting of the minds, right? And this dashboard, that's what's going to show you, okay, this is what your school is going to be. Because if it's not on, like that, this one that you added, Hughes, You add views, you don't have views. There's a very big difference, right? You have views, that drives curriculum. That drives your life skills, right? And so, I spent some time with 03, drawing some, getting these screen, seeing if it has any good ideas. I would definitely, one of the things is get this done, this dashboard, and literally, I'm gonna take screenshots of it and run it against all my alpha shit and be like, what are we not tracking in this dashboard that's really important? All right. I don't know if you guys are big screenshot of said to O3, but like Claude for Opus and O3 can like take a screenshot of anything and give you amazing insights, right? Like I just took one of like all the cities that we were being recommended, like in what neighborhoods and what cities to put the schools that our real estate team had done. I just took a screenshot and said, do you agree with their recommended places? And it's like, no, like for half of them, right? And it just has shit. It's just no shit. You don't know. It's like, you're not taking into account how transient the populate. Yes, they hit the income level. But you don't take into account how transient it is. These are obviously singles who are moving. They don't have families. Like how the fuck there's no like, it has access to some database that we don't fucking have. Right? And you're like, Oh, my God. Right? It's just they're getting Right? So anyway, if you guys aren't like taking screenshots and sending them in, it really helps like all the apps. Like this map, right? But yeah, let's get that. Since you guys are pounding on the One EdTech anyway. Let's build it for you guys, but then I will take it and use it for all the Alpha schools too. And so I'll be able to give you what data, what I want in it as well. Which is basically... What we've schooled is the surveys. The 2x learning, I'll get you from the current dashboards of how we look at it, but fundamentally on those, On your 2x learning, at the top level for 2x, you have, or you map 2x for each subject, math, science, language, reading, each of the four subjects. You are state test, in this case, Texas Star. That whole thing we talked about, have you mastered two grade levels of Texas Star? And then the third is lessons. Are you on track? At the year level for lessons. So there's 110 lessons for 7th grade math. How many of you completed? And so you'll have those three things, which is am I a math, am I a Texas Star, I finish my lessons. The other thing that's coming out that you'll have that we don't have this year, we have it at high school but not grade school, K-8, you'll have it for middle school, is you'll have XP, which is the expected time per lesson. And so you'll be able to sum up the XP per lesson. Because right now, all lessons aren't the same time. Some are five minutes, some are 12 minutes. They average to be the same, but the individual ones aren't. But you'll be able to say, you have 16 hours left to finish the grade level, where you'll be, instead of just less than July minutes, which is what XPR, one minutes. What's the expected time based off of I'm trying to remember if it's, 85% of the kids get through it in that time or less? It's basically, how long does it take kids to get through the curriculum? It's empirical. I mean, when they design it, they say, I think it's this long, right? The video, I mean, the video is this long. There's this many questions. It's not hard to estimate how long it is. If you're, if and if it's taking longer, we measure, you know, like Math Academy, I want to say uses like 95% first time, right? Kids can get through the lesson 95% of the time in their XP. Anything that's outside of it, you're like, shit, my lesson sucks. Right? Because they keep missing the So I need a better work example. Once again, something no one tracks, except Math Academy and us are like the only two people tracking this. Yeah, so after you finish, our seventh grade curriculum. We're like, so once we, when they, when you guys, where's curriculum? Are you gonna have middle school curriculum, math? December. Someday you're gonna have seventh grade math. When they finish, when you finish the INSEP seventh grade math curriculum, the kid's gonna take the Texas Star. If he gets a 90% you're going to say, move on to eighth grade. If it gets below it, you're going to ask Incept, here, you're going to know which ones they missed. And you're like, go give me new lessons, a new lesson plan of the shit they missed. Go relearn it, kid. We actually do a little more statisque. We have the kids do one of, was it a careless mistake, or did you not know it? Right? Careless mistakes, fundamentally, are often a fluency issue that we go then really deep, like third grade, to fix. But you then get the material, you do it again, you take it, and you're in that loop until you pass the Texas Star. Incept is going to be so phenomenal. It's going to be first time right. You're just going to go through the material, and boom, you're going to get $100 bill because it's so good. I just had a fight about this and so I am confused right now as to what the right answer The answer is, I said I wanted common core. And I was fighting with somebody on Andy's curriculum team who was trying to make it TEKS. I was like, it can't be that today. Math Academy doesn't have it. And I'm now using Math Academy fifth grade up. And so I'm like, Math Academy doesn't have TEKS. And the curriculum people in math are like, Texas star without teeks. And I'm like, my kids are passing it from fifth grade up. So they just do common core. Right. Obviously, Texas diverge all the other state standards and have to be in Texas. But just do just teach common just teach the curriculum, teach common core, and you will pass the T.

1:39:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You'll pass the start.

1:39:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Go ahead.

1:39:22 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
which is exactly what our kids are.

1:39:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So it's like way, the overlap is way lower than I expected. And when are those, they're never taught in Common Core, you're saying that 40% is never taught in Common Core? Because I find hard to believe. That can't be true. Math is math.

1:40:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So what I think is happening is they're creating unique skill groups That I totally believe, but that's not a problem.

1:40:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
That if you map everything maps, everything in IXL maps to common core, even if it's in the TEKS part. You can see through If common core, teaks, stone, right? And 10% of teaks, 4%, right? Or let me even do it this way. No, but it's There's the unique stuff, right, in TEKS is like right here. Now, things like this, like here's a lesson in Common Core right here. It could be mapped right here in TEKS, right? That's basically what they do is they just keep making them, they move them up. They never move down. It's never harder. Massachusetts is the closest to Common Core. They're the best academics. State in the country, right? And they're the closest where they move up things the least, right? Things here that you'll get is you have like financial planning in higher grade, like in the lower school it's not, right? There'll be some financial literacy something or some active TEKS thing, right? That's not in common core, but fundamentally the math is math. And so if you're on this track, you're going to learn it in third grade. And it won't be on your third grade Texas Star, but it'll be on your fourth or fifth. Right? But when you say it doesn't map, it's because all these things are in lower grade common core, like you're 40%. I bet if you go say, where are those lessons? There is going to be a at grade level or younger Common core lesson that if you know you will get the texas star one, right? Yeah, go back and do this But you can't here's and here's fundamentally you have to convince me else texas has created a new math that's 40 different than math I don't think I'm possible.

1:42:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I agree.

1:42:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I totally agree. No one And I can tell you, Math Academy doesn't have it. And our kids crush the Texas Star when they do Math Academy. So what I do know about IXL and state standards is IXL makes its money because it goes to a state. And every legislature is like, I need my own curriculum. And so it used to be they went to textbook publishers. And we're like, you need a Texas Star. And they make their own shit up. And these legislatures all are like making shit up, right? And so IXL loves that. IXL's like, no, no, we have a totally custom curriculum for you, Texas. You can't use those other math vendors who didn't do a custom curriculum. They're just Common Core, that evil Common Core. We're teeks. 40% customization. 40% customization. You can't buy them at $5 a user, you need to buy us at $8 because we customize 40% for you. That's the business dynamic that's going on, where they're designed to inflate the level of customization, right? Like when we talk about Incept, like when we talk about its opportunity, we're like, we're going to go to Chicago and right? And you're like, what's the overlap of a Chicago textbook, right, versus a national one? And we're going to make Chicago think it's really, really custom to that. Not like, well, 99% of history is pretty much history and 1% Chicago, right? And so that's what, that's the part is just, you have to go in and draw to the root and the under spiky point of view is math is math. I'm learning fractions. You can't learn fractions. Now, do they do it in a different sequence or whatever?

1:45:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But if you have mastered the material in common core fractions, you will pass a Texas star fraction quiz. I agree. I agree. They create special skills, but they are almost identical.

1:45:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And that's so you, you, you just, you can't, we can't have special ones for everything. We need to just teach math. Right. And grammar and all that stuff. We can't this, the bastardization of all this stuff is it's too, it's too confusing. Right? And we're nationwide, right? It's like, there's not a state SAT, right? But everybody has to take the SAT. There's not a state AP, but everybody has to take the AP, right? And so you're like, this is some weird thing they've done. And we're just going to be like, guys, just treat it nationally.

1:46:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Here's how I would do it.

1:46:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Has Common Core in it. We teach Common Core. We do a Delta for TEEX in Florida and California. And you have this extra pack after you finish Common Core that is the state-specific add-on. But you do it after. You don't interleave it or anything like that. You just do Common Core. And then you're like, all right, I crushed Common Core for fourth grade. Got it. And the standards are harder, right? They're harder. And then you're like, okay, there's these couple extra lessons for fourth grade that aren't in Common Core that are in TEEX. And I and I could and I can swap those out easily because I have Florida. Right. And so you're back to your thing is we have a school in Florida, we have a school, right, we're gonna have schools in every state. And every not every state some like five state cluster, the California clusters with some other states, you know, but that little extra little part you can just add on. I teach a common core and then you have a Texas little finishing touch. Yeah, no, it's a good it's how you make your money. No, and it makes it easier and stuff. And we just have to make it that Right? No, this is what this is why I'm not selling to the public schools this way because it's now to sell the public schools. Absolutely. We're gonna have to do that. Right. But that's back to like, that whole. I'm still gonna do it with the extra add on pack. Because I have to be able to compare the kids. Like, are you on track and with my curriculum and stuff, I need my nationwide base, right? And all that stuff. And then I'm like, okay, we're crushing all of Common Core. And oh, shit, those five lessons in Florida aren't doing too well. Versus I created this whole thing that was 40% different than Florida. Now nobody in Florida is learning, right? Scale, we really are gonna want scale. The thing that's gonna terrify you guys after you start deploying this, I am terrified of rolling out new curriculum to the kids. Because what if it fucking isn't as good as my existing curriculum and I don't get 2x learning, right? Like when I roll out new alpha read articles, right? I mean, there's so many different, right? There is trial and error on this stuff, right? Like Simon just gave me a set of curriculum where it's basically GT coded, he was trying reduce the time, right, time back. And he took out the easiest questions, you know, sort of in the easy, middle, medium, hard, basically cut the easy's down too much. And so it's not going to show up in the smart kids. But as soon as you roll that out at Texas prep, those kids are fucked. Right. And, and it's just like, we're and all of a sudden you're going to have all these issues. Now we caught it before it got rolled out. But just the other one is our high-end reading, the latest alpha reads, was not as good as we had with New Zealand. So the highest lexile articles are not as hard as the hardest New Zealand's. Follow up with you, with the team, to get a lot of what actually happened with alpha. Yes, yes, and it's the the articles that were generated did not have We're not hardened They have a manual read on it too, but yes, I mean fundamentally the app it's generating it and then somebody reads it Yeah, yeah, they're all static stuff and that's why we haven't been doing diagrams because we need someone to do static. Alpha read, yeah. Well, it's hard when you're reading stuff, because you get into fine grade stuff. It's Math Academy couldn't get above the 1300 SAT last August and September. Because they were missing the top end hardest questions. Right? And because they hadn't tested against the SAT. Right? And it's just ... Back to this stuff, what we talk about, our magic is we have an idea, right? And then it goes in, you know, some learning science, right? And then it goes in incense, right? We coded in incense, some learning science idea, or then it generates a lesson. Our kid does the lessons. Right? Then we take a standardized test. And then based on the test results, we fix it. Right? This loop, nobody does that. Nobody has that step. That's the step that we have. We either have it with the Texas Star, right? Or the APs or the SATs or whatever. And we just have it on a tighter loop than anybody else. No one has it, except Kids Take as Texas Star. But there's no feedback loop from all the people who did iExcel this year on what they did on the Texas Star. iExcel doesn't know the people who used iExcel what they got on the Texas Star. They don't have that data. There's no correlation. So how do they fix their lessons? They can sit here and say 80 is good enough. They don't know. Right? Because we determined that there might actually be sort of six different stages or difficulties. They're sort of occurring, not just through the registry. And for some questions, it's not even difficult. Like they call it stages. Sometimes it's difficulty. They give you basic problems and then it gets harder. But sometimes you're just covering all the edge cases on top, so if you only go to 80, you're just missing like 20% of the education. You just never learn it. But you can go in and be like, it'll be learning quadruples or something. You'll do squares or rectangles and you'll never see a trap. Exactly. And so, and because they don't have the closed loop, and the other problem is, this is why if you have a teacher, you're fucked. Because it gives you the lesson. And I'm struggling, and a teacher comes and helps you. This is why nobody does this, because nobody was willing to fire the academic teachers. And I'm like, I can't do this if I have an academic teacher fucking my data set up. If every time a student struggles, because I'm not going to know when the teacher goes up and, oh, here, let me help you. Because as soon as that happens, now my lesson's back. Right? And, oh, it only happens 15% of the time, 20%. Right? Now you're really screwed. Right? And that's why you have to live and die with it. And this is why when we roll out new content, I mean, wait until you have a million users on Incept and you frickin' roll something out and frickin' everybody doesn't learn. And these standardized tests aren't coming fast enough for you.

1:54:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I feel like with that approach, you should have harder placement tests. Because if they have gaps, it will be really hard to build at the higher level grade. But you'll have much easier, like the placement test should be way harder than the out of the grade star test. And the Texas star. Like you should be teaching a kid to go maybe like 1.25% into the next grade, but it's not going to hit them.

1:55:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yes, that's why we're 2.5 like in December, right? We're overshoot. If you, there's two parts, two grade levels, two full grade levels, right? Grade seven and grade eight is greater than 2x. It's actually, like 7th and 8th, if you do two full grade levels in one year, you are greater than 4x learning. The average kid does not learn one grade level of material. Right? And so, 2x learning is the reason we picked, it's way easier. Full grade levels. So I think the data in alpha is we finished to mastery less than one and a half grade levels, but we're over 2x. Now part of it is they did two grade levels of content, but didn't take the second Texas scholar.

1:56:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So they're always taking one grade level below in Texas Star.

1:56:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Is that accurate?

1:56:24 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Like they finish grade 8 and then they're on to grade 7 Texas Star at the end.

1:56:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
At the end of grade 8, they take grade 8 Texas Star. You can't get to grade 8 content until you pass 7th grade Texas Star.

1:56:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But I think with the common core approach, you might actually want them to like be at both Texas Star 90%, but also Common Core 85%. So they should be- Yeah, yeah.

1:56:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, a Common Core test, yes. Well, this is why, what you really want is just get an NAEP test, which is just the highest standard, a higher standard than Texas Star, and just give the NAEP grade level test, and then you'd be all set, which is your Common Core test. And just make them do, you should just have a Common Core curriculum where like, you have to be 90% plus on Common Core. And just if you're there, then by definition, you're gonna be fine on all the state tests. And the heart of Massachusetts is the close one, but the other ones will be way ahead. Yeah, totally. It's all open source. If the questions are sufficiently representative of what the actual test is. Totally.

1:57:42 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
back to test fatigue.

1:57:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
In Anthony learning science one, he has a category called testing is learning. It's not this testing is learning. And so when you're like test fatigue, it's like, I'm tired of learning. Like, it. The mastery quizzes were like our unit quizzes, you're like, right? It's your spaced repetition. It's everything, right? It's it's not there's no. Now, what is fatiguing is I keep taking the same test and failing. And I'm in a doom. We call it the doom loop. Right? And that is total fatigue, because I finished the seventh grade curriculum I took the test I got a 65 right that should never happens but it does right that's why we're going through and redoing the power path you first time right where when you go through the material you do your formative quit you know formative versus summative you do formative quizzes along the way so that when you take your summative the sum test at the end I don't know they're separating the two and did that new and not, but fundamentally that's fine to have two different things, which is...

1:59:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Are they just testing the material you just learned, or do they have tests that like...

1:59:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's cumulative. It's cumulative. So like the PowerPath is using the AP example, but it's for that. You do unit one, it just, there's a unit one test. Unit 2 is unit 1 and unit 2. Unit 3 is unit 1, 2, 3. But it's mostly geared towards 3. And it's sort of falling off, because you've already been tested 1, 3 times. Right? And then by time, right. And so it's a frequency curve, right?

2:00:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I think our approach is more like Math Academy, which is a slightly smarter version of that, which is you don't just test 1 and 2.

2:00:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
You map out the mastery scores, and you test those out.

2:00:28 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
They think they're getting that back to that thing where we talk about the distractors they think they're covering The mastery part by having a really good distractors There's And this is getting into I don't know power path 1.0 versus 2.0 they're mapping a Percent confidence But I don't think it that's in 1.0. I think that's a 2.0 So just a percent confidence of what of the master, but once again with they don't have a knowledge knowledge graph like you guys do, and so a better knowledge graph gives you a much better answer than what they're, even with that percent mastery, your knowledge graph based one will be way better. Correct, you don't, you need the hierarchy of the dependency graphs. I don't know.

2:01:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I'm very happy about Column 4, Milo.

2:01:48 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, it makes everything way easier.

2:01:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
No, it's all jacked up.

2:01:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Well, you have to understand that all the state standards are set by the legislature. Just to let you know how good the legislature is. Both the House and Senate a month ago passed a law that says we're eliminating the Texas stop. Okay, so good luck. Running a school system with no tests. You're not allowed to give kids tests. Now the governor didn't sign it. But I mean, seriously, these are the people making the laws and setting the curriculum. What the fuck are you guys doing? Right. But it's, you're, you're a guy, like I hated tests and the teachers unions beat the shit out of me. The teachers union doesn't want tests. I just gave a billion dollars for school choice. Sure. Fuck it. No Texas Star. I mean, a pass, that means hundreds of people voted for that. They also make your WACCED curriculum. All right, and then, so back to your lesson. So you're gonna have this, right? But then you have, here's the part you have to have, and this is the most important screen for you guys that has to be system on the learning side. This is the magic screen for you guys. Right? This is your day. And when you come in. To your beautiful school. When you come into your Texas Sports Academy, you're in standard school. You're in standard school. Six hours, you're sitting at that desk, kid. Life sucks. That's just like normal school, it sucks. We have magic for you. You do your lessons, I'm gonna give you some time back. So, what you need to have is, as they do their lessons, you'll have the XP for their daily, right? They have, we use like circles and lessons or whatever in Dash. You don't want that. It's too complicated. This is the screen you want. It is. Let me show you multiple of those, but pretend As I finish my lessons, right? I'm finishing lessons. All of a sudden, I get my time back. You literally want just a little animated graphic that's, right? As I do my lessons, all my time comes back, right? And then they meet, and I'm playing sports all afternoon. But you have to make it visual, right? And it's just all red, and that they have to visually, this is how your coaches, you need to just be like, to the coach, You cannot allow them until it goes green. You cannot allow them to go out and play sports. And back to your contract. You will finish your two-hour learning before you do your workshops and your sports. And you have to make that as simple and clear to the student and the guide or the coach as possible. And it can't be ambiguous or anything. Just, are you the green? Are you the green? Are you the green? You're not green? You're just going to sit there. Right? And your discussions with the coaches are, you are letting people play sports before they go green. They're not two-hour learning. You're not gonna make it, right? And that's where back to the, that's the hardest fight, right? Around things, but that's gotta be part of your contract. I will not start the sports and the workshops and all the stuff I want until I finish the lessons, right? And that would seemingly not be controversial It's a super controversial statement. I didn't send my kid here for the academics. I sent him for the other stuff. I don't care. You have to do the learning first. And so you need that screen for your daily, and just every kid's going to know, right? One, it's a great demo. You learn it, boom. You're free, it's the visualization of time back. Just create that visualization of time back. Right? And I would even do it incrementally. I'd be fine with that, which is, you know, you have four 25 minute Commodoros of the lessons, math, science, language, reading, as you know, and you're getting back four hours or whatever for four, 25-minute sessions, and so after your first 25-minute session, you get an hour back. So it goes just right, it just goes right to here, right, and that's free. It's like, I finish math, and then you do math and reading, okay, now my second hour is done, right? And so even if I don't do the other two, I get those two hours, right? Now, the one hang up on that is, if the kids don't ever do science, or, right, two of them, right, there's gonna be a day where you're like, you've fallen too far behind, you have to do all four now. But on a daily basis, if you miss one, right, it's not the end of the world, and they're being penalized because they're having to sit in there to keep working And so fundamentally, most of the time that will catch that. But if you have a really dysfunctional kid, there'll be a day where you're like, I can't let you play any sports until you do this subject first. You have to make it a blocker. Otherwise, there are kids who literally are like, I'm never going to read. And they just will do all the other subjects or math, right? You just can't, you can't allow that. But that's your, that's your dashboard on a daily basis to manage the school. And then you just make it really that simple thing. And then you're just and you make it green and red. And until it goes green, right? You're sitting at your desk, kid sucks. And it takes, you know, for kids coming in, it's not going to be like the first week, right? They'll be dicking around all these issues. Right. And you just got to get the coaches to be like, well, we got to get the academics. So you got to get the kids bought into it. Right. And kids are back to the contracts and stuff. They're middle schoolers. You can have these discussions with them. Like, dude, seriously, you think they're just gonna let you play all day. You think that's like, Your friends have to be in normal school for six hours, and you can dick around. That's not how the world works, dude. You've got to do the work, and then you can do it. And if you're into that, come to the school. And now that you're at the school, you've got to do the same thing. Kids are mature. Actually, I was writing up a paper on 1x learning. I find, actually, parents don't like the 2x, but the one thing kids don't want is 1x. They do, theoretically, until you say, Do you understand in 12th grade, there'll be 40,000 third graders who know more than you if you're 1X? And every kid, every kid has higher self-worth than that. They're like, that's not acceptable. And you're like, exactly. They can't imagine a kid younger than them knowing more, never mind seven years or nine years younger. They can't. They're like, OK, yeah, I got to do more. So you can address it with the kids. Especially if you're in middle school. Okay, so that's the other thing you need in your dashboard to manage. That manages the day. And then check charts, what have you guys done? What do you guys want to do with check charts? Have you guys thought about this at all, or? We haven't thought about check charts. I mean, we've seen alpha using them. We've seen the sports category using them. But we haven't talked about what we're going to use them for. You're going to get kids in who can't type. You should get all the check chart things and go through them. But there's just things on there where you're like, if a kid can't do this, is it okay? And back to typing. I'm sure there's some kids are gonna come in and can't type. Or they type so slow. And you really can't have an app-based environment. It's just not. It's not functional. Oh, they're not learning the academics. Well, they fucking can't type. That's really the problem. Typing is a prereq skill for using apps. And so there's a check chart. I can type 25 words a minute. Right? And we have an app that teaches typing. Right? Of course, we need a type to put in the information in the current apps. But I feel like in a few years, we're going to just be doing everything by voice. But I guess, in the classroom, it's probably different, because they're both not going to be talking. So you've got to learn how to do it. That's still a skill. Maybe not drive a car, but typing is. The other part is, it'll be both verbal and typing, even when you're writing. The other part is typing is better than talking for imprinting on the brain for recall. It's just better. Handwriting's even better than typing. Handwriting's best. Typing second. Verbal is a weak third. Verbal's a weak third. So ... You should go through the check charts and just see which ones, you know. I'm saying who? Level 3. What about it? What's your question? All of them. No, no, you have to fill the whole check chart. Dude, you have four hours a day of shit. You have no academics. You got to be doing something. Right? Let me see. Let me see this. Haven't seen the next one. Yeah, because remember, first of all, this is a couple of years, right? It's not just eighth grade, right? It's seventh and eighth grade. So you have two years to get through that check chart. If you want to see an ambitious check chart, go look at the, you guys should be looking at like L1 check chart, because these are the advanced skills. You're going to want to look at the L1 and L2 check charts, because you only are going to put the ones on that are causing the kids not, you only have them for two years. They're going to be playing sports most of the time, right? But you can't do that whole check chart. And so what you want to look is, what are the L1 and L2 items, like typing, that are getting in the way of the kids being able to learn is really what I'd look for, right? And receive feedback is the coaches are like, I'm all over that. Right. Grit, receive feedback, teamwork, leadership. Right. But yeah, I would have a kill. I mean, you should have the world's best teamwork, leadership, grit and feedback that are all sports based and be like coaches. Right. It's like the you know, the one where you're refs versus players, whatever the one the Sports Academy did, right? Where you make players, you make students have to be the rep of their classmates, right? Which causes, right? You gotta put somebody in somebody else's shoes. Yeah, so I would work on creating some good sports-based workshops around those life skills, right? And if you're going to do public speaking, it's post-game press conference. I'd steal, I'm sure Sports Academy has some. Yeah. Steal some of theirs. But yeah, just check mark, right? And that fact you're selling your school, you're like, look at the, I mean, right. You're sitting there selling your school and you're like, look, we play sports, but you know, it's different than your sports team. After school, it's different. Look at these life skills we're teaching. We're teaching post-game press conference or financial literacy versus your Nike contract. Robin Hood, for kids, he's totally created this investing thing is you're an athlete. Pretend you're an athlete. Simulation game, you're an NFL athlete who got this $5 million deal. Your career is how many years? Like single digit obviously, like some very short period of time. Right? What do you do? Right? Do you guys have a simulation game for that? That's a really good idea. Every kid wants to play that. I signed a huge contract with my sports team. And what do you do? How do you invest it? How do you write it's a little Sim City. I guess we can call it NIL now. Right. Okay, so that that exact dashboard, and then your life skills are those right? And you can broadcast Yes, these this school, these kids have financial literacy, they can public speak, they can audience build. Right. They crush teamwork, grit, leadership. Right back to what do you want to know? You want to be like, is this guy just doing sports all day? Is he teaching them life skills? Right. And you want, you know, sportsmanship and his kids, a bunch of dicks, Siri. I mean, right. And then Other parts to work on would be... I can erase this. So your parent, right? And so for parent side, you want the parent survey. And then you also want your parent testimonial. And back to the survey, you should look at what we ask. But this is going to be, you want to ask really hard questions to know if this, if the parent is super happy, right? And publishing it and then ask them to be like, okay, would you do a testimonial? I saw my things I thought was impossible. Right. And then I mean, literally, you get parents are like, well, it obviously wasn't impossible because they did it. That's like their survey answer. Okay. Now I know why your kids don't fuck them. Right, but it's asking like, do you love the school? Does your kid love the school? You know what's just crazy? As we publish these results, there's only one fact-based question on the entire survey, and all the rest are opinions. And the fact-based question is, is your kid learning 2X? And it's the one that all the parents say their kid's not learning 2X. And it's factually incorrect. And all the other ones are their opinions. Does your kid love school? Do you love the school? Is your guy? Do you feel your guide, right, is supporting your child? And so we score very high on all the opinion ones, and then the one fact-based. Parents just don't think their kids can learn 2X, and they all say no, and then they get the results. Because we survey them before the results, the tests, the surveys come before. And you're like, it's actually correct. I always put up the slide. I'm like, once again, all the parents don't think their kids are learning 2x and 2.2x. But you want to ask for the testimonial. You want to publish this stuff, right? Because you have to have parents who love this school, right? And you want to draw that out of them and have them publish it. And that's how you're going to make sure that the coaches are doing a good job. Because you're actively soliciting parents' feedback and just publishing. Right? And coaches are going to fight it. Because they're like, I don't want to hear that. Right? But it'll give you the signal. Right? God, at this school, all the parents hate it. One parent, two parents doesn't like it. There's always some whack job review, no matter what you're buying. As somebody who's like, this is terrible. Right? It's like the people on the Amazon, who are like, this product sucks because it was delivered late. Right? But it's on, like, manufacturer website. But yes, you want to incorporate the parent side too. So why don't we create this dashboard, and that this is your product, and you should be thinking this is, right? And when you show parents, this is the survey you're going to have. Parents are like, this is awesome. I get to answer these questions. And you're like, we're dedicated Right? You're crushing it. This is what your kid's going to fill up. This is the kid's contract. So you need the kid's contract, the parent contract, the coach contract, the survey questions that go with it. Right? This dashboard is going to be just right. Imagine when you launch, like we just even imagine in August, you're going to have how many schools on it? Five? Ten? Yeah, you're gonna have 10 schools on it and you're gonna be able to pull this up and show all the coaches and parents and be like, we have a thousand of these. And this is, and people are like, how do you have quality? You're like right here, right? The reason this is causing this, cause we just announced today that Alpha's opening up 10 new schools and we're gonna, about to announce, it's actually gonna be 25 by December, right? And everybody's freaking out that the quality, how the fuck open up 25 schools and not have quality go to shit, right? And I'm just gonna frickin' pull my dashboard. I'll be like, here you go, right? And that's gonna be, it's all transparent. Here it is, parents, you're gonna see this, right? And for me, I need this in order to manage Phoenix. I'm not going to Phoenix, right? How's Phoenix? We did Fort Worth last night. And the feedback was they loved the guy, the lead guy. Super excited. And our high school kids went and did it. And they're like, oh my god, if our kids are like high schoolers. No, they're going to. Yes, all of them will be open in January. Oh, if I can, I guess it's the dates that matter. You're either open August 15th or January 1st. The reason January 1st matters is that's when people tour schools at private schools for the next year. Like if you're gonna go to a private school, in January and February is when you sign up for the following August. So if you miss that window, and you have to have a physical building that they can come visit. And so if we miss that window, then it's a whole year. So in August, if you're going for the whole school year, in December, even if they don't bring, if their kid's in another school, I want them to tour the school, the physical building in January. Cause they're like, Oh, okay. It's open. I can register my kid for August. If you say it will be open in August, you have a huge fall off rate versus if I have the building, right? There's just a huge difference. And so for us, the, dates that matter are, we're either open on first day of school or we're open on first day of enrollments for private schools. And that's basically January 1st. But private school people too. And then your view stuff, I saw you, what are your thoughts on a billion views? We're focusing on sports. The thing is, we're targeting a bunch of different verticals, right? We want to do basketball schools, football schools, gymnastics schools. So, that's sort of the issue with just one channel. It's hard to have one channel for all these different things. So we're going to spin up a bunch of different channels across all different verticals. And primarily do short-form video. With short-form video, you can switch to all the channels, to TikTok, Instagram, Facebook Reels. Instagram Reels, Facebook Short Video, Snapchat Short Video too. Everyone is pushing to our video. And yeah, basically just create almost a content form of this content. And that's sort of the strategy I'm working on. And then direct that traffic to newsletters. We collect email addresses. And then with newsletters, we have more data on all the final sign-ups on their address. And then once we have their address, we can be like, oh, there's a gymnastics school opening up 20 minutes away from you. Here's the event, here's the shout-out. So we definitely want to have a dashboard of all these channels and see what gets measured, what gets finished. So we want to have a dashboard of all these channels, traffic news, traffic news that are signed up, stuff like that. MrBeast this weekend. That app, I think... Are you working on the MrBeast app? Yeah. I'm meeting mr. Beast this weekend. So I'll be talking about it Perfect with little Beast beast bat be signals Radiating out. Yeah, Oh bat signals, right? Be signals places you can go contribute to your So all this big charity stuff. All right, what else we got? Yeah. Yeah. Another thing that occurred to me was that I didn't want to start a show So what I've noticed is that there's maybe a segment of people who have better expectations. So one, there's like, you've been at the target once you get like 3 or 4 points on that scale. And this type of person is pretty valuable because they're really committed to investing and they're investing a lot of time into it. And so, people will travel out. What I noticed is that Boston doesn't really have that many great places. Part of that is probably because there's not a lot of money in the U.S. Department that will need it. So if you want to So you start with the... I think... So that's like one. And then two is like... It's like... So when I'm putting out content... So basically like... So... Like when you talk about crossing the pathway. I've also been on GA, really conserved as well. And so I've been doing that for so long. My only last segment is the new. Right? Like, they want to see what defaults has. Maybe, I don't know if this is DOP 3 or DOP 4, but one of my views is like serious chess players don't want to do stuff like that. It's not a category, it's a group. Because they're totally... I mean, I know about them, right, and I've talked to them on YouTube, but I don't really follow them because their content is, like, sloppy, right? It's basically a factor of attitude, and they do, like, sluts and pornographies, like, straight and vulgar, and I'm, like, I'm not good with vulgar for a while. Like, I'm more of a, like, chest-hopper, right? I'm, like, pretty high... I'm as high-rated, actually, as a younger person. Yeah, I don't think... If you want a bigger audience, you can't do the top of the pyramid. Right? You can't go after the top of the pyramid if you want a big audience. That's true for ... Right? Like Max McCorkel, with her million followers on Instagram, is not targeting the intellectuals. She's just like, moms, are you a mom? Right? And so she doesn't talk about learning science ever. But her Instagram account versus her deep funnel content, that's deep funnel content. Like the 20-minute video, right? That's the only people who watch. She would never post that on her Instagram, right? And so it's back to her funnel in Instagram is moms. So it's not long form. It's not deep. It's not all that stuff. And there's always that correlation between reach, right, and your audience size. And then, you know, you can't say my audience is for the top 100 chess players, the most serious thousand people, right, or 10,000 people. If you sit and say my audience is 10,000 people, you have different content than if you're like, I'm for a million chess players, right, and anybody wants a big audience has to obviously be But back to your bowling pin, you can start as, I'm for the top 1,000, and build credibility up, and then you can move into being more broad-based. Yeah, yeah, correct. And if the answer is the top 1,000, then focus on that. Great. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Right. Great. Great and back to the chest size. How big is the awesome? Boston Chess Club Market. 100 people, 1,000 people, 10,000 people. Yeah. Yeah. Totally. Every single, literally, beverage of choice for like nerds, right? So I think like, well, I can expand the market, right? I can make chess like the hobby activity that like every after school student wants to play. So we're not shooting for danger that my market is like literally like, okay, kids' after school activities, right? Part of the end game could even be like chess school. Totally. So back to your thing. Back to the size of your market. The answer for, it doesn't have to be a billion people. So the answer is, is it 100 people, 1,000 people, or 10,000 people in Austin, do you believe? Or whoever your audience you're trying to build is. Or a chess club, or whatever. Here's an example. School is your sponsor. School is happy to pay you thousands of dollars per kid who signs up. So if you're like, no, I have a chess club and it's got a thousand people in it and a hundred of them end up joining GT school, that's millions of dollars, right? And so it's totally worth it to be like, yeah, we started chess club and it's worth millions of dollars to open it in Austin. Now, a chess club with 1,000 people is not worth millions without GT School paying you a lot, right? This is why, like, I've talked to Botez about, for a nationwide GT School. You have this huge audience, you can't monetize it. I'm like, frickin', let's have GT Sponsor and get these kids into GT Schools, right? Back to the bottom of your funnel, if it's lucrative, can fund all the top of funnel activities like this. Yes. Great. So here's what you want to think about. Who can I serve the best? And how can I find people who have kids that can go to GT school. Right? That's, that's your that that's how you're going to monetize it, right is, and so it doesn't have to be the direct, right, it can be adjacent, and then you grow into it. Right. It's also like, he's also a competitive player. And so what I did, I'm like, see, As you get this, so just get it going and then get a scale of how big you think it is, a hundred, a thousand or 10,000, right? How big this can be in Austin, right? And then out of it, we're going to be like, great, can we fill a hundred person school based on just running and sponsoring in tons of your chess tournaments, right? Because if we can, that's worth millions of dollars, right? Right, back to audience building and the value. The big one, GT School is about to have its breakout day. So I don't, you know, Astro Codex people here? Anybody? Right? The finalist, right, of the non, whatever, the five most important papers or whatever, finalist, alpha school. We had an alpha parent write a 25 page. It's on, did I send that to you guys? Yeah, I think I sent it. That 25 page paper is a finalist. So there's gonna be a million motherfuckers arguing over that sometime in the next couple of weeks. And it's gonna be brutal, right? I mean, it's gonna be war, right? Dad and GT mom are all ready for it, right? And we're going to be in the mix, right? But it's going to give GT nationwide notoriety, right? Can there really be a school like this? And we're going to be in there being like, let's go. And there'll be, you know, and this is a great one because it's back to anything. Half the country, I don't know how, team A is like, it's immoral to segment out the And camp B is, it's immoral to not segment out the GT kids. And this is going to be, the EA side of this is just going to be an endless debate and create all this controversy. But we're going to find tons of customers who are all going to want GT. And so it's going to be worth a ton of money to us. We're buying synthesis. We're thinking about making that part of GT school, right? So that we have an online thing to sell all these people who are screaming and yelling about GT school, or like GT online, right? And have a GT version of Synthesis plus our other apps, or like Alpha Anywhere, but GT or something, so that we can build up things. Chess is the same thing, right? School chess, it's nationwide, it goes crazy. And everybody's like, OK, there needs to be a GT school. Obviously, I play chess with all these kids all day. We should go to school together, right? Or we should do an after school like Kumon activity. So this is why. I'm not worried about monetizing if you can get me audience, right? Just get audience, right? Audience is, you know. The thing in market, right, the audience stuff, we have McKinsey, right? The reason we can open 25 schools right she literally tweeted out hey we're gonna open Fort Worth hundred people signed up she goes and gives a talk right 50 people are like I'm shadowing my kids and out of that 25 people sign up and it's sold out right and a whole thing is you got to fill school in six months it's like filling schools in six weeks right but it's because of our audience and we need that for GT school via chess and GT mom GT dad Right? And then Sports Academy, billion views. Totally. Totally. We want to max it out and we want to have a good theme and you know, like the same thing they're going to, they're like, we're D1 athletes, middle school, whatever. And so there's going to have to be some focus to chess around it, which is, you know, it's sponsored by GT. And so everybody who's, doing it is like, hey, let's get more kids into it. The theme of your program is, let's get a million kids into chess. Back to as you build audience, you're going to have to come up with a theme that is kid-friendly, which is, yeah, let's get a million kids into chess. Why are you doing this? You're like, I want to get a million kids to play chess. And like everybody, grandmasters love that idea. Like if grant you, you're like, Hey, we're doing this program. And our whole thing is to get a million kids to play chess, right? You're going to get, and you're going to call it grandmasters back to building an audience. Right. And you're like, you want to help me out? I'm trying to get a billion, a million kids, newbie kids into chess. Cause it's awesome. Every grandma's not at all. A lot of grandmasters would be like, okay, that's really good I want to help right and you could have tournaments where they show up and you invite all the kids and there's a kid section to them somehow right and you get that going and so we have to think through like how we make this valuable for GT school but there totally is a way to do it but the answer is just more chess people is a good start find your audience start building up chess and then as you build up audience we'll figure figure out how to code it so that we get kids. Yeah. Yeah, totally. Yes. Just get in the chess community, right? Get people like that, help them out, sponsor stuff when he's down here, whatever. Ever. Right? Absolutely. Yeah. Yes. Great, I love that. Yeah, you're not going to get those people in an online school. I don't know if I... Worry about the people not on the internet versus just ... Back to people you're targeting. Target ... If you don't have a computer, you're not using an ESM. If you're not on the internet, you're not using an ESM. What kind of school? Oh, private schools. Yeah, sure, sure. Great. No, making it easy for schools to sign up for the ESW, to take an ESA and have their parents sign up, where they could just, you know, where you could be embedded behind like the school website or some link that you could ... Right? If you make it easy for them to accept an ESA, they're going to be dramatically more likely to do it. Yeah, once they apply to the school, you just need the info from the school. And we haven't got the ESA. We don't know how hard the spec is. I'm worried it's going to suck. But you'll see. It is what it is. Wait, you're getting the spec from the government or Bank of America? Yeah, that's right. All right, let's build the back end. A billion dollars. Yeah, that's disgusting. So Texas has $1 billion for two years. So it was a little contentious issue, but it's like, I think it's $500 million for the next year and then $500 million for the year after. That's our understanding. There's no money this year. There's a billion the second year, and then there's a new legislation. Texas comes into session for two years. They don't meet every year. They come every two years. So I see that's where you're like for two years, but there's no money this year, right? There's no vouchers in, August of this year. That's why they have to wait a year. The vouchers only come in 14 months. And that leaves one year before the legislature allocates new money. Yeah, so what confuses us is that the legislature meets in September. So next year when the vouchers actually start, it's like September of two years from now. You can read the governor's statement that I allocated dollars for this, correct? Okay. Anything else I can help on? Build all those in the ease of, we're making these more for us, like making money to your partner. Instead of you just build the same for the rest of the world. The AI is kind of like an ultimate game generator. Intelligence is the same as anyone. Strategy is kind of depending on the commodity. So AI can basically create wallpapes, TikTok, Reddits, whatever. These are my side hustles. I've been playing this game with my family. They're like, yeah, I can play with us. And I like sitting up, just basically next to it, and just putting it out. It's fantastic. This is just the last steps of that. We're going to finish. There's a lot more to the world than that. And this is a message to the kids or the parents. A hundred grand in high school. So that would be more experience probably than what was developed. Yeah. On some of the computers that are a lot more sustainable in that way. Yeah, I mean they make a hundred thousand by high school And in running online cohorts and getting all these gigs and stuff, that is a, that's complicated to run them and teach kids how to make money and actually run their projects or helping them achieve it. I mean, you know, when you're, when you're getting into like alpha X You can do them. It's just they're it's big and expensive Yeah Yeah No, I think that's a great like that kind of stuff is good and scalable and easy Yeah. And so I love that whole anchoring. And then just realize by the time you get to 100,000, and you're doing that, now it's 100,000 bucks, $100,000. So you're, you know, that can be super valuable at the high end. So it's worth it. But you need the make $1 make $10 make $100. And most kids will bail out before they start trying to hit the 100,000. But I like that as a framework for sure. And the parents are going to be very excited about the $110,000, $100,000. They're going to love that shit. Getting up to the $100,000, the parents aren't into it as much as the kids are. And so you put $110,000, $100,000, you'll get parents to pay your subscription fee and all that. They'll love it. Then as you get up to the higher things, then it's going to be kid-driven. And it'll be a narrower percentage. But once again, it's still worth it. No, you totally, totally still. Exactly. Exactly. No, in this takedown of McKinsey, they were talking about these, these kids are like fake CEOs or whatever, right? Or whatever, whatever they call it. Yeah, right. Yeah. And just stuff that, you know, they're skeptical of Adults get skeptical at that part. Kids love it. So you're like, whatever, parents. Yeah, so yes. Yeah, I saw your answers. No, I just I just came across that book. And there was a couple was like, oh, I think this fits your thing. And in your response, there was a couple of chapters where you're like, yeah, that fits. Yeah. It's just all the way back to your brain lift, right? You're reading about, you should have read every financial book. And out of them, they all have one good idea, right? Oh, this is, sell the thing on Facebook. And oh shit, there was the $10, right? They all, every book, Take it. Right? The five types of wealth of zeal bloom, right? I'm sure that has a something good that you want to teach as part of your financial literacy. And back to building audience and selling it. Those are the people you can partner with and be like, Oh, did you like this book? Then you're going to like, for your kid, this Robin Hood for kids. It's like we're doing a tour with Dr. Yeager. You run around with Dr. Yeager and you're like, do you like Dr. Yeager's 10 to 25? Send your kid to our school. Best implementation of it. And then one of our projects is going to be that we're going to have to port Synthesis to TimeBot. So if anybody's a big Synthesis fan. Did you? Oh, OK, yeah. What's his summary of what they got wrong? And how did she hear about this? Is it all ... Does everybody at Synthesis know yet? They know what? Yeah, so we're super excited. We're gonna ... So they have two products. They have Teams and Tutor. And we're gonna do both. We're gonna invest in both. Teams ... Life skill gains, the conundrums, you know, the original product. And that problem is cohorts and stuff. The CEO of recess.gg, Benjamin, is from there as well. And he worked on the retention team. And he's like, all that matters is the synthesis on retention, is does, it's sold to homeschoolers, and they're like, does your kid have a friend? And if your kid has a friend in one of these cohorts, the mother never cancels, because that's her homeschool kid's ability to have friends. And so he's like, there's a view that we should be teaching them life skills, and shit during these cohorts and all these things. He's like, I looked at everything. Like, do the kids win? Do they learn life skills? There's only one metric that matters. Does the kid have a friend in the cohort? And if they do, they never cancel. And if they don't, they cancel, no matter what happens. And so he's like, all we should do is make this a friend-finding cohort. That's all we have to do. Go online and play video games with your friends. And every homeschool mom will pay for that. Now, if you look at recess, GG, the company he started, that's literally all they do. They like play Minecraft. He's like, I got parents who pay me $250 a month for their kids to come online and play Minecraft together. Like 10% of his family's pay to 50 a month to play Minecraft. And he's like, cause they're homeschoolers and they're just totally willing to, Right? And so the Teams product, we want to continue, but we're going to use it to be like, hey, build community. Right? Building socialization skills, friendships online, all of that. Right? There's this concept of conundrums and, you know, the logic and, you know, are you getting smarter and critical thinking skills? And we're like, But how about we teach it on the socialization life skills? Because that's actually what the moms all want to pay for. So let's just align it where there's a huge pile of money. Because they've been struggling, right, financially. Because they have this idea, and they've been trying for years that people should be willing to pay for critical thinking, but they're not. They're not. But you know what they'll pay for? Friends. So you know what we're going to do? Give them friends. Skill, like learning how to deal online. We need to teach socialization skills. They are really important. So we're going to see what we can do with that. So we want to invest in it. We want to enhance it. We're going to probably alter some of it. It's focused. But fundamentally, if you're on that team, you should be excited because we're going to reinvest and make it big. And then on the tutor side, we're going to give up their like, they're trying to sell it to like El Salvador. Over for $3 a copy or something. Like we're totally out of that. Like that's the dumbest business in the world. We're not competing with IXL. Right, which is sort of their strategy. Like, we don't have as much content as IXL. So we'll be cheaper. And you're like, Oh my god, okay, there's no market there. Right? That's why you go bankrupt. And so but synthesis has the best high end brand. It's very Montessori coded. Right? Montessori people like it. Montessori homeschool people like it. We just bought, we're buying out of bankruptcy, the largest Montessori school system in the country. A hundred schools. And so we're going to revitalize Synthesis Tutor. We might bundle it as part of Alpha Anywhere or GT School, make it our online one for GT School, bundled with something else. It's not enough standalone. Part of its issue is it needs to be part of a bundle. Yeah, so we're going to rewrite it on top of Time Back, and then maybe we bundle it with the reading app. So you have reading and math, right? Because their retention isn't good on the tutor, right? Part of it's they don't have enough content. Part of it's they don't have enough mastery, right? And so we're going to have to look at that and figure out, It has cool interactivity, cool engagement. If you've ever played it, it teaches fractions by you got a hammer and you break stuff. You're like, oh, it's math. How many times do you have to hit the hammer to? Kids love it. It's pretty cool, right? You're like, oh, I'm learning math, right? Now, do you actually be able to solve all the math problems on the Texas Star? No. But it's a cool way to do lessons, but it doesn't have the drilling hill part to get to spaced repetition. But we got that. Right. So we'll combine the two of them into a product. And but it's a it's got what since what are the assets that this is as it's got a good brand on Twitter. Um, it's got a sexy lesson. Although part of their biggest issue is they were sued, you know, they didn't develop the DARPA tutor, they bought it from a company, the DARPA guys. And they committed to paying these DARPA guys tens of millions of dollars, and then didn't pay them. And so DARPA sued them. Thus, that's why we're getting it. And so we're working to do a settlement with the DARPA guys, because they owed them tens of millions of dollars, and it's all whacked out. And there's a big fight. Chrisman is fighting with the DARPA guys, and he's like, we don't use much of your stuff. And the DARPA guys are like, yes, you do. You signed a contract. You owe us tens of millions of dollars. And so all that, we have to resolve as part of this. But we will, hopefully. I mean, we will eventually, because we either will do it friendly. Or it will just put synthesis into bankruptcy and all the DARPA contract goes away. So, it will get solved one way or the other. But then we want to invest in the tutor and make it learning part plus it could be a go-to-market sales tool. Right, everybody likes it, it's sexy, you know, we'll jack the price up, make it financially viable. We think their growth marketing team is actually good. And so if that's, we'll see. I think they're selling, especially if we increase the price, I think that's going to make that selling online team do much better than they are. And so their assets, they seem to have a good growth marketing team. They have this sexy product life. It doesn't deliver academic outcomes, but it's sexy. And then they have a good Twitter reputation. And then they have this Teams thing that, once again, is cool, but it has no retention. So we hope to fix that by putting it into bundles. So we have that virtual school in Arizona. We're like, oh, let's have the Teams be one of the workshops for our virtual charter schools. Things like that. So, you know, they've been struggling not having enough money now for years to invest. And when they don't even have one product, and they have to, they don't have enough money for one, but they have two products. And, you know, they need to focus. We bring enough resource. They have like, they had 25,000 or something. You know, 10,000 maybe now, maybe 10,000 users. But the problem is their churn is really high, so they're just ... Right? That's all ed tech has, high churn. That's always the issue. Longevity is everything, right? You need ... Why physical schools? Like alpha do well, people put their kids in there for 12 years. That's awesome. Low churn. Right? You want someone to use your software product for 12 years. They don't have that. They have like 12 weeks. It's hard to make your money back. Getting a customer 12 weeks later, they And it's, once again, fundamentally it's ... Synthesis is a product-led organization. That's not a market-led, it's not where's all the pile of money, and they don't sit and say, what do I have to do to make a great product that people will pay for? Right? They're instead of, I have a product, I guess I have to discount it to sell it. Why would you sell this for $3 and not sell it? Are you really like that's how good my product is? Like they went in at $6 and we're like, whoa, that's too expensive. We got to cut that baby to three. I'm sure there's a thousand, right? I don't know how you think you raise more money when you tell your investors, I tried to sell it for six, so I cut the price to three. Aren't you excited? Do you want to give me more money? If that's what your argument is, that they're bolstering. I'm lying to my investors by bolstering the user base saying it's $50. A month, but I really sold it for $3 a year, but I don't tell anybody. I guess that could be a strategy to fucking lie to everybody. It seems like a bad one. No, that would seem to be a dumb way to do it, but it could be. I don't know. There's people on his team who are like, we lose money at $3 a copy. We lose money. You're like, I'm going investors, are you excited? Right. I mean, it's hard to sit and say, I'm revolutionizing education. My product is awesome. It's going to change education. And literally, they won't even pay me $6 for it. Really? Does anybody believe that software is revolutionizing education? And you won't pay $6 for it? Or do you just be like, well, you're actually not revolutionizing education. No one fucking thinks you are. And that's why they won't give you $6. Isn't that the reality of the case? That you are refusing to look at reality that your product sucks. You have a cool feature. But fundamentally, no one gives a shit, and that's why they won't give you any money. Isn't that the core of the issue? And so we hope to fix that. We hope to be able to sit there and say, what is valuable? Right? Pardon? We can't? Sorry, what's your question? When? When? Yeah, we have to still, we haven't bought it yet. We still have to sign the contracts and all that stuff. But as soon as we do that, then we'll get it. Right? And it's a sexy demo, right? If you guys have, you can, it's a sexy demo. It's totally cool, sexy demo. It's gonna be great. High on the sex appeal. Low on the educate kids, low on the retention, low on the good business. Right? But sexy, cool demo. Yeah, no, totally. And it's and it's a great that part. That's how they get their customers. But this is the part about just facing reality. Your churn rate, they're canceling at a furious rate. What does that tell you? If how about this? If I told you that the average alpha students stay four months and left? Would you believe my bullshit that the school's good? I'm still at McKinsey would still be having all our fucking videos. The demos would be great, just like they are now. But if they all quit after four months, wouldn't you be like, maybe there's a problem here, Joe? Right? And that's the problem with all this ed tech, right, is they have this sexy part up front, but then there's literally just no retention. And so back to the pitch of I'm changing education. He's had 10,000 families sign up for his app, use it, and after four months or five months, whatever his churn rate is, be like, this is so revolutionary and so changing my kid's life, I'm canceling. And you're like, all right, wow, that seems like a really, to change your kid's life.

3:18:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Great.

3:18:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So I have Very limited content. I have a product that doesn't teach an entire grade level. It's awesome. I don't understand why everybody doesn't buy it. I'm like, who's the product guy who's like, I'm going to ship and it's not going to be a great level of material. It's not going to increase anybody's test score. One of the fundamental business issues is Crispin's like, it's going to cost a hundred million dollars to build out the content for this product. And so he had trouble getting investors, because investors are like, have to give you $100 million. And they're like, Okay, well, how good to the product. And everybody cancels after four months. And they're like, I don't. You can't write. No one will give him any money. He says to build out the investor pitch is a hundred million.

3:20:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
When will Incept be able to generate super cool lessons like theirs?

3:20:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Isn't it like that CS class I sent today? Everybody wants just the interactivity. And the first stage is build out just the IXL equivalent, just the static, whatever. And then it's going to be incrementally add interactivity, interactive widgets, right? That's CS textbooks, the same thing. Everybody wants the cool shit. You want the synthesis shit, you want the cool shit, right? But what matters first and foremost is you move up And the best way to do that is static content. Thus, that's what we do. Then from that foundation on Incept, we will add interactive widgets. And our content will get better and better. And then someday, we will have a fully CS-like, synthesis-like, full interactive widgets, but we did it from a foundation where you can actually have a business that people will pay you for. Right? And so that's what we're going to do with Synthesis, is we're going to have that part, but then we're going to sit and say, how do we build this into a business that is sustainable? Right? And so it's going to be part of a bundle that people will pay for, and that will give us the to just incrementally grow. Now, I don't know, you know, I can't tell like how much their team did versus this DARPA team, because they all yell that they all did it all. Right. But mine's like, isn't AI just going to fucking do it instead of both of you? Right. Isn't that really the answer that Incept's going to do it? And if it's going to cost 100 million, like he says, don't you just wait till AI can do it for less? Like, you don't you really can't. And go raise $100 million. That seems like a really dumb idea. Right? And so that's our view, is we're just going to grow, right?

3:22:42 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I think the synthesis is closer to video games than it is to static content. So the DreamLab team is actually focused on that. There is a path, I see, to generating the content. But that path is quite divergent. But like, they should be able to use what they've learned, because I felt non-traveling. But I don't think we're planning for a synthesis.

3:23:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right. Right now, it's because no one will pay us for that yet. Right? And so it's getting the product and figuring out how do we evolve it. And if the answer is the video game angle, and it becomes more of a video game one, then let's do that. Right? But here's what our race is going be right when you think of our math products we're gonna have inset right which is just gonna be kids are gonna do it they're gonna freaking learn 2x2 hours crush it right and they're freaking people are gonna pay for that then there's gonna be our we have like what's it called trash cat trashy cat which is like subway surfer for fluency so we're gonna have all these video games that teach fluency which really moves math scores up, right? So we're gonna have those. Then we're gonna have synthesis, which is gonna be some cool interactives, right? That as long as they have this to back them up, you're all set. So you have to have both. So you have a bundle where we got some synthesis cool stuff, but then you have incepts, so your grades go up. You got a little trashy cat, so it seems fun, but you're getting fluency. And you put those three into a bundle and say, parents, watch your kids' test scores crushing. And all of a sudden, they're willing to pay $10,000, not $3. Something like that. I don't know how to exactly, I need to figure out what they got. But yes, but overall, I generally feel our foundation is always going to be Incep generates it in this Lube, where we can show test scores increasing. Standardized test scores, we've talked about it before. If they don't go up, you get no money. You say, I'm $6, and your test scores don't go up, they're like $3. It just doesn't matter. Test scores go up, $10,000. We have hundreds of people who are signing up for Alpha Anywhere at $10,000. $10,000 so you saw recess GG just announced. They're doing a full stack plan So goop was talking to a knee rides was talking to him today to Ben. He's like, what's up? He's like I saw your alpha anywhere He's like, are you fucking kidding me that you charge $10,000 for Ixl? He's like I'm gonna build a dispatcher that's gonna launch Ixl just like you do I'm gonna charge less than And you're like, that's a great idea. You totally should do that, dude. Now, if he doesn't do, Goop was like, so how are you going to handle standardized tests? He's like, oh, I haven't figured that out yet. Yeah, you're going to launch IXL. I don't know if that gets you as much as you hope. But just that concept where people are like, oh my god, how can you be doing that? We're going to just put synthesis into our code. Go to that too, recess, Gigi, and the insight you can have, like, super high retention when a school kid has a problem. Do you have that question for kids love school with the student surveys, like, asking about their friends and not the school? And do you see a similar effect for parents where parents are friends with the kids, or with the parents of other kids at the school, that boosts their view of the school? So, yes. I mean, when kids love school, Like if yeah, so in our survey, well you can if kids say no It means they don't have a friend Like I don't love school. You're a loner. I don't what happened. You know this middle school girls come in Right and mean girls frickin isolate them out. And then the bombs like oh my god, she's not being accepted That girl's not happy She's not loving school Guide's job, right? Run the hype squad workshop to get her integrated, right? Because, yes, you have to have friends at a school to love her. And, yes, it increases retention time, right? And that's physical and online, right? That question I was asking with the guides where they're trying to say, my classmates would make fun of me. That means you ... I don't have friends. I'm a loner. They're going to make fun of me. Right? And then it's the guide's job to figure out how do we get this kid integrated. Right? And sometimes you just talk to the mean girls. Right? And you're like, are you uplifting others? Is this how you want to be seen? Do you see yourself like this? Behave better. I know you talked about founding families. Do you see a similar effect with parents being friends with the parents of other kids at the same school? 100%. That really matters. Founding families, you, yes. Founding families totally matter. So at your school, it's going to be, the coach has his group and stuff, but yeah, you want, you want the cohort of families. Right? But the GT families are very bonded. Right? They all get together, they're all like, right? Like, if you look on Twitter, like GT dad and GT mom and all the people around it, because they do all this weird GT shit with their kids. And all the GT kids and the GT families are all Oh my God. Like look at Berne Hobart today, what he posted about his daughter. Right. Like she's using chat GPT to argue with them. Right. And it's, it's, it's a great, you know, it's basically like, you know, she's the one who's, you know, years ahead. She's the one that, um, yeah, there's Claudia. Right. And, She has this massive verbal, high verbal IQ, like just off the scale, but she has no experience. And so she got in a fight with her brother. And so it's like her note of trying to blame her brother about it. And it's literally using these incredibly sophisticated words and high verbal IQ, but literally sounds like a third grader, right, in judgment. And he's like, what do you do? When your daughter has super high IQ, verbal IQ, but literally has the judgment of a third grader, right? She's like, I ripped it in half because I was trying to put it in the recycler, not because I was trying to upset her. Can you read this little thing? You're like, yeah, okay, honey. Like, I'm sure to fit in the recycler, right? It's just very funny. Anyway, all these GT parents all get around What do you do when you have kids like this, right? No, and so back to if you can build in your app somehow community building, it really matters, right? But like our New York office, Bill Ackman, right? He's like, we're gonna use the Hamptons. I'm gonna figure it out. He flew the people down to Austin. He's like his wife, who else do you want come to school, great. We're flying to Austin, get on my plane, let's go. Right, it's that kind of stuff. Naval for San Francisco, he's like, I'm bringing, how many, 25? I'm bringing my, he's like, I got a dozen that I know I want. I'm sure there's a dozen close by that I can get. Max McCorkel, she took two years to get the founding Alpha families. No, cohorts, cohorts matter. All right. I'm trying to see if there's anything else exciting going on. No. No, I've not. Talk to him. Yeah, he's got an Android with a high refresh e-ink like screen. That seems cool. You're going to have a price point issue, I'm sure, but aside from that. Let me see what else is going on here. We've got ... Yes, well you have to build this on Timeback. Right, so let's start building the dashboard on Timeback. Make it cool. Bug test the shit out of it. Just crush it. Can't you build agents that just like stress test the shit out of it? Yeah. Right. Yeah. And just, and back to, I don't know enough about like, you know, can you grade the API? Or the access patterns, right? Scalability is all about, right? I built dumb access patterns, dumb joins, basically, right? I don't know if you can... Correct, and if it can't be, yeah, exactly, all that stuff. But just, this is your chance to have, to set the standard, third parties when they're giving you stuff what you want to accept right and if they and if it doesn't pass they have to go back and fix it till it does yeah yeah what I just they're like it's done Joe I'm like great bug bounty they're like what do you mean I'm like was it done or not I was like is it done or not you you they Warranty, whatever the fuck that means. Warranties on software seem like the dumbest thing I've ever heard. I'm like, great, how about a bug bounty? 100 bucks, that's better than a warranty. And so they're like, OK. And so yeah, you guys need to earn more than the $10,000 I want to give you for the bounty. Setting the standard, right, of what good quality is. Because you are, you're gonna have, how many, 25,000 kids? You're gonna have a frickin 100,000 people on this thing. Right? No, totally, it's totally doable. Yeah. So that's gonna be great. It'll be great. Little AI pounding. We just transferred your Cursor bill over. I got a text from Austin. I got a text from Austin today. He's like, you know, I've been fronting all this cursor stuff. Talk to Artie. He'll take it over. I actually don't know, but it obviously got big enough that he was like, Shit, somebody else is paying for this. He's like, Joe, I've been nice for now, but seriously, you have to pay for this. He was also charging us for the next batch of goggle kits. So we get a dozen. So we get a dozen. So they're two weeks from coming to Austin. And so we'll be in charge of social, get to know them, welcome them to Austin. And then we can take the 12 we like, We're first choice. We're ordering the most, so we get first choice. Yeah, you like it? Yeah? Right. Yeah, no, well, hopefully they're They're good. I mean shit at the program. I was like, how'd you why'd you shorten it? He's like cuz the frickin AI's do all the work now He's like we don't even need 10 weeks like So yeah, right Oh All right. But the news that you'll see coming out is you're going to see we bought this big Montessori chain. Alpha is opening up 10 schools by August, 25 by December. Alpha GT school is Max McCorkel is the headmistress of AI Armageddon. I asked her, Jay, who runs her Instagram, I was like, we've got to change the Instagram account. Future of education to headmistress of AI Armageddon. I have so much revenue. Go ahead. Let me go ask the crossover team on that, on why they want them on versus off. The part that I want is I want the real-time coach, right? Google has it built in, but we want, yeah, right? That's the thing I care about more than anything is having a coach. It's what our freaking, we do in education. We watch the kids screen and coach them on how to learn better, right? And what I want for everybody is just, coach who's watching your screen, right, and coaching you on how to do it better, right? And that is the pattern I really care about. And so back to, you know, the WorkSmart monitoring, figuring out how to, where you guys see it as we're built in on top of the Google One or where it can watch your screen and give you coaching. It's like how I was talking about earlier. I just take screenshots and send it in. And I'm like, can I skip the screenshot shit? And you just look at the screen and say, no, you shouldn't do that. That's really what we want, is we want it just sitting there watching to give us the coaching. And yes, if you guys had, I'll do that for you. You can turn off your web. Webcams if you have a coach that's giving you good coaching on what's on the screen itself. Right now in my schools I have to have the webcam because the kid's like sitting in his chair, dicking around, doing nothing. So I have to get engagement and I have to get ... Confusion. I'm struggling. My struggle detector can actually tell if I'm looking at Virginia. So those we do with the webcam. But fundamentally, if you guys all had the AI coach that was watching your screen and giving you coaching, yeah, I'd be way into that. Yeah, if you guys want to build that out, and that can be what you guys use instead of the work smart webcams, and stuff, I'd be waiting. Right? Because it's the coaching of it. So or, yeah, I mean, yes, on the top of work smart, or I had told the effort team to put it in just an effort. So you could have different types of coaches. Right? What am I doing? Oh, I'm looking at finances. I want a CFO coach versus, oh, I need a learning sciences coach. So that was my hope. But either one. I take either one. The reason our academics work so well is because of this. And we've been doing it. We started manual three years ago, but we've been now doing it automated for a while now. I believe the same thing should just be for everybody working. How do you not want that? Right? How do you not want Palmer, as an effer, watching your screen, telling you how to vibe code? Right? After his little podcast, right? Isn't that what you want? I still, we talked about this months ago, but like, right? All gauntlet people should create an effer and sell it. Watch your screen and coach you up. And everybody wants that, right? You guys have all the knowledge of how to do this. There's 10,000 people who will buy your effort for you to watch the screen and coach them up. Now, I have no idea how much it costs. I know on my academic side how much I spend. That's a lot. But how much it would cost to do the stream streaming and watching and stuff. But if you're not collecting it, you're just running local on the machine or something or Google's cheap, the Google live, whatever it's called. So, but yes, I think that's a huge benefit. I was like, I think the biggest factor is also like how much context you can give the model. So if this AI coach like context on whatever you're doing, and then you can feed that into O3. Right, well that's, I mean, perplexity is like the whole comment browser. Everybody's like, whoever owns a browser has all the context to feed, right? I completely agree it's all context, right? And so, but screen, right, is one set of context that's really valuable, right? Then, okay, like, Okay, I have to load my work files and my project files. Right, my history. Yes, loading context is everything. Right. What is it right now? What was it right now? Just dinner and you want to have lunch as well? Is that a broadly held one? If you guys if it's broadly Broadly held, sure. I'm fine with it if it's broadly held. Okay, great. Why don't you take a vote, make sure, and then sure. When are you guys moving to the new office? Don't know. 111 is 111 still the number one Yeah, exactly no, I'm totally 111 I'm right there I Yeah, you guys dream. All right, so yeah. So a lot of good announcements going to come out on that stuff. No, the 25 alphas gets us that we're finally scaling, right? I'm kidding. All right. Thanks, guys.