Joe 7/8
Tue, Jul 8, 2025

0:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So you don't get a lot of Subsidy if you're counting on a lot of corporate subsidy And then for The second part is basically I just want to build a good school at whatever the price point you want to pick is. And you're like, I'm just going to locate it sort of by corporate instead of where people live, which it depends. You know, two household families, is the guy working, is it going to be like, they're going to care more about home, you know, because at three o'clock, what are the hours at school going to be? And so, or is it going to be like dropped off and picked up by the guy going to work, or the parent going to work? It's sort of like all day, and then if there's two parents, one doesn't, if you stay at home What are you going to do with that? And so, you know, you'd have to, I'm not sure, you know, you put schools in, you know, schools are easy, which is you get a demographic of income of where people live and you put schools in the middle of that. And you're like, yeah, I don't quite want to do that. I'm willing to go 30 minutes outside that or wherever the, however long the commute is, because I think that is going to cause people to want to drop them off closer to there. And I'm not, yeah, it's, um, you know, and you'd have to get a huge subsidy, which I don't think, you know, like SpaceX subsidizes our Brownsville campus, but you know, that's the biggest fight we have is they're like, it needs to be cheaper. Right. Cause you know, you can't subsidize a $40,000, you can't subsidize a $25,000 school. Right. And so, you're, you know, how much can you get $5,000 subsidies, 10, you know, five, you know, it's scale. Right. Um, and so is that going to make up for being in a bad location, you know, versus, and do you, you know, so anyway, it's, it's, um, now it's a, it's totally used for preschool. Yeah. Like so up through kindergarten, there's a great you should there's a public company What? No, no, there's a public company that does preschool for corporates So Verizon they go under it's all these different brand names and I always mix them up But yeah, I mean you wanted to do a preschool up through six years old and you do it basically on campus And the parents, because of that age, they want to bring the kid with them and all that kind of stuff. That totally works. But, you know, it's not the same with your middle schooler, you know, elementary.

3:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
That was the fundamental reason why I thought like this could have legs is that like parents are already are familiar with corporate daycares. Corporations understand corporate daycares.

3:38 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So it's like why you'd have to go out and get corporate because corporations aren't excited to do beyond daycare. It's too expensive. It's an expensive perk, you know, full education. Go ahead.

3:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I know schools worry about more public preschool for all of their enlisted kids, but the idea here is that you could frame it as a research experiment, like maybe a DOD partnership, where we explore creating the next leaders of tomorrow, right? You do your two-hour academics, the rest of the day is leadership, team building, life skills.

4:21 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, there's a ton of military schools, to your point. And so just selling two-hour learning into them? Or you think you're going to be like, no, I'm better than what the military schools are at?

4:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
When you say military schools, are we talking about the public schools that the military funds that's on base?

4:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah. I mean, there's, right, there's You know, and you're, that's who your competition is.

4:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
The idea here is that like, are we confident that, and this is something I would have to validate, are we confident that military schools that are free, that exist on campus today are truly giving our enlisted families the education that they deserve?

4:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right, and so how much are you going to charge?

5:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I have no idea because the military is, well, everyone knows that their pay rates are public, How is it different than, aren't they just going to say work with my on-base school?

5:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I mean, why would the DoD fund a separate competitive? You're sort of like, I don't think the ones on base are good funded by the DoD, so I'm going to have the DoD will defund its own competitor.

5:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Sort of what I'm hearing.

5:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
If I'm mistaken, that doesn't seem, you know, versus, okay, let's go convince the DoD on campus that are there to use two hour learning or whatever, right? Versus set up a different school like you can. That actually makes more sense to me.

5:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Like the idea of why would It seems more viable that the military could adopt two-hour learning in their existing structure, in their existing physical locations, as opposed to, hey, let me cut to the stomach of the table. But that would ... Do you think that idea has legs to try to explore the extension of two-hour learning?

6:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Is that the place I'd go sell the military bases for two-hour learning? First?

6:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Not first, but later on, I guess. Sure, later on.

6:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I mean, because we believe everybody's going to have it. And just, it's, you know, part of this whole thing is where are your piles of money that you can go build a target audience and customer base, right? And, you know, you can pilot educational initiatives with anybody on the planet. Everybody on the planet wants a fucking pilot to try something new. You can get any religious affiliation, any government affiliation, small niche group, everybody wants to try it. So when you say, is there an opportunity for a pilot for a school? The answer is always yes. The issue is, can you build a business, right? A sustainable business out of what you've targeted, right? That historically has always been no, right?

7:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And that's your discrepancy.

7:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Then you're like, you move into a different one, that's for starting schools, right? Then you're like, okay, well, can I go, is this a good market for just the two hour learning software? And then you really get into the first filter of it is 90% is motivation. Do you have a killer motivational answer for these schools? And when you articulate it to the target customer, do they fight you? Right? Sports Academy is the best fucking one in the world because you articulate it to the customer, the coach. And you're like, here, I have an idea. I bet kids who want to be D1 athletes would be motivated to do two-hour learning if they could do athletics in the afternoon with a great coach. And if you talk to a coach, they think that's a really good idea. You talk to the kid, they think that's a really good idea, right? And you're like, oh, OK, something might be there, right? And so that's how you have to, but OK, I want to go down to the private school here at St. Stephen's or St. Andrews. I'm going to go talk to their board. Who on that campus who's in the organization is going to support it, right? You might get some kids, but who in the org? The teachers? Right. Last question before we tie back, sorry.

8:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
No, keep going. I know someone personally in Bethesda who's interested in opening up an alpha school. Bethesda? Bethesda, Maryland, outside of D.C.

8:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
He loves the program.

9:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
He was about to move to Texas to enroll his kids. He actually was responsible for sending a kid to get enrolled here in Texas within his network.

9:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So he's already just great.

9:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
He's a very successful entrepreneur. He has good distribution from what I can tell. His wife wants to open up a novel school. But I also don't really know how to navigate the relationship with someone who wants to help out.

9:28 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Are they a vendor or are they an employee?

9:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
How does that work? I know a lady or I know someone who does great video stuff. If I had a project I want to shoot content immediately from the ground up. What's the process for getting talented people that have abilities outside of our scope here that can help support us in building what you want?

9:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So for Alpha, no one's allowed to start an Alpha. It's not a franchise. Now, you can be a founding family when we open one. So we're opening a Bethesda branch in August, so in a month. Yeah, so in Chantilly, right, which is? I have no idea. Where's that in December we're doing it? Anyway, we're doing one in Virginia and one in Maryland, Bethesda. I can't remember, did we do the Virginia one in August and the other in December? But it's, if you actually go to the alpha website locations, see which one's listed. And here, if you pull up, AlphaDotSchoolLocations. Virginia.

10:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So that's first, and then there's going to be another one.

10:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Anyway, another one in December. So we're opening. They're 20 minutes apart or 30 minutes apart right on each side of the border there. Is a great market. So, so for that, it's being a founding family, which is, you know, you, if you want to send, you know, it's what a founding family does is, you know, rallies all the kids, you know, it's like, okay, I really want to make this happen. I'm going to go get and make sure you get the 25 families that are needed to open one. So we have, Bill Ackman doing New York City, and Naval doing Dan Francisco. And so in each city, right, you're looking for somebody who's like, okay, I know the local network, these are the people I want to get, here we go, bring it to the city. So McKinsey starts tomorrow, she goes on her summer concert series, and she's doing 12 cities, a couple in California, tomorrow or one Wednesday, one Thursday, one in LA, one up in Sacramento. We're doing Dan Francisco and sort of it's published. I don't know if she's published all the stops yet, but and what she does is she goes to the city. They have an info session. She meets the founding families. She reads them the, this is a lot of work. If you're just like, oh, I was hoping just to send my kid, you actually have to do some work if you want to be a founding family. But if you do, it's super awesome, blah, blah, blah.

12:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And so that's the path of how you do that.

12:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Go ahead. Yeah. So if you do this, if you go K through eight, you want some clustering. It really sucks if you have two people in each grade level, right? Or three people in each grade level, because you'd prefer if it's like mostly around kindergarten or mostly in middle school or mostly in elementary or half, two clusters, even division at 25 is like, you have three eighth graders, two eighth graders, you know, it's never even. So you had kept one or two eighth graders, you know, the whole point of the 25 is just you have enough scale, right? Like yours is clustered to middle school. So you're all set because you're not going to have, you know, for kind of five-year-old and a six-year-old and a seven-year-old and eight-year-old, nine-year-old, right? That's your, that's the problem you get is your spread. But yes, you, we put grades together for sure. Or sort of mixed things. So it's not like we have the eighth graders separate from the seventh graders. Your middle schooler is going to have 25 kids again, right, in sort of one class, which gives you enough heft, right? Because that's the whole point. You know, the difference of homeschool is you want a class. And the reason we picked 25 is if you're, you know, if you're like 10 people, parents don't think that's a real school, right? You're trying to just, you have to get enough critical mass for parents like, okay, I'm not embarrassed that this isn't like homeschool pods or, you know, something that's small, you need to know. I mean, parents really want 100 people, but you can't start with 100. And so you gotta start, and 25 is sort of the lower end, where every, if you have less than 25, fewer than 25, literally every topic's about where the fuck are the other kids. Just everything, it just dominates. And so at 25, you're like, guys, we're gonna be at 50. Obviously, and they're like, okay, right, and they can see a path. So, anyway, back to your... Oh, and bringing other people up? Yeah, the other vendors up. Artie on the finance team can just pull, you know, you can talk to him about what the thing is. Generally, they have a framework of, you know, for using contractors of what's the deliverable and what's the cost. You're just in that framework, and as long as that framework works, then you can bring them on.

15:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Pat wanted me to ask you, is there some place to see, is McKenzie's media tour, is that going to be recorded and publicized? Is there a place where we can all collectively watch the videos?

15:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Oh, is it taped, you mean? She just did Fort Worth. I wonder if she taped it.

15:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It would be really interesting to watch her pitch change her community as she's going to these places and watch her deal with any from the crowd or questions.

15:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I just texted her and we'll see. Yeah, she has. The problem is, I mean, you can watch her stop in her presentation and see it, but it's, You need depth of expertise to do it. So she has four people going on her city tour who are going to be new guides and heads of school to get up to speed on the, or potential deans or parents, so they can get up to speed. And so we'll show you the one recording, but it's a, you know ... There's different scale, but to get a parent to move to a school, you should ask these guys. How much work does it take to convince a parent? More than watching some video of somebody doing it, right? It's hours of depth of expertise. About what it's like, right? They want to talk to deep expertise.

17:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
The value I was looking for is one thing I've learned about just talking to as many people as I can in my education is that language really matters. The way you say things, the way you talk to people. That's why I'd like to see these videos from you guys.

17:35 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, the part that's ... The language matters secondarily to the experience that they're trying to see you explaining the experiences that go on at the school. Now, how you word it matters. But fundamentally, they are looking for someone. The reason McKenzie is so powerful is she gets up and she tells stories about the kids at school right or that's all like I'm doing the podcast Monday and all I will do is use example after example after example after example of kids in school all the whole thing right now I will use clickbait wording right honed from experience that you know to say two hours not 2x and I will tell the story about how it's fucked up to say 2x because parents don't actually want that right and I know all the controversial takes from being in a parent meetings that in a podcast I can be like 75% of your audience is gonna hate this next sentence because I know that right and But it'll be like we don't care about education or so academics like that right and so that comes from experience, but fundamentally the You know people who come in you have to have you know You either, the reason our info sessions go well is because we either have students talking or guides talking, right? That's fundamentally, those are the two parts. Kids are 10 times more than adults and guides are five times more than non-guides, right? It's sort of the, right, it's just the thrust. And so if you just have somebody who's like, oh, I'm an expert sales rep on it. It doesn't work. Because it's a highly considered purchase. It's their kids. You can look at our convert rates, right? Like when we hire a head of admissions for Austin, and you can watch the convert rate of an info session that a new person gives, and they suck. They freaking suck. Because the new person is giving a pitch and has no stories and no, I mean, they repeat the stories and examples, but you can tell that they're a brand new sales rep, not I've been in the school and here it is. And, you know, it's like today I was, you know, I was at the campus and there was a new family who was just touring, right. And it was two summer students, right. And they're building a, one of them's building a photography right, um, to basically watermark photographs. Right. And, you know, and we were talking about something there and the parent came up and saw it and then got involved in the discussion. Right. And it, that discussion is what is convincing the parent, right? The professional tour being given, right. It's, seeing that kind of stuff.

20:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
All right, time back stuff. Jump into time back. Yes. Sure.

20:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So time back. Um, so this is what my podcast is going to be on Monday and then I'm gonna do a couple more, which is I'm coming out of retirement first time in 20 years that I've given a podcast. My last one is still a top 1% podcast, so I'm hoping this one's really good, too. I'm a little rusty. That was after lots of practice, and so we'll see how I do. But, you know, Alpha School, so there'll be a whole part on Alpha School just because that's the hype and the thing, but it's mostly going to be talking about time back. Which is we are carving, right? We've been building for three years, the platform, right? The software platform that's gonna enable us to take out the academic magic of alpha and make it available everywhere. It's the platform that we've done. And so it's the first real AI driven, right? Educational platform. If you look at ... I can send you guys an effort of what the website, which hopefully will get up by Monday, whoever wants to work on that, or is working on it. Fundamentally, the point of this platform is ... My narrative story is going to be, In high school, I wrote a paper on AI, and one of the paragraphs was about neural nets, which said, this is decades away. And actually, most of the paper was about expert systems and ontologies, which was sort of the thing then. And then I went to Stanford, and I was in a class with the father of expert systems at Feigenbaum, Professor Feigenbaum. And then he was explaining how, if you could build these things, they're worth like $1 million, $2 million a day. And I thought, what am I doing? I can't really study for my Spanish test when there's a billion dollar idea. I just do it. So I dropped out with my friends and we built it. And our claim to fame was in the nineties, we built the first AI product that sold over a billion dollars. So that's started my software company. Um, and so I did that for, you know, uh, 25 years. Um, then in the meantime, uh, McKinsey had started alpha, right? And one of the things that's true is parents want to educate the kids the way they've been educated. So I went to Catholic school, my kids are going to Catholic school. Mackenzie's trying to convince me to go to Alpha. And I'm like, I'm not going to your weird janky school, it's so weird. Like, no, they're going to St. Gabriel. And for two years, she kept trying to convince me. And then actually at the end of May, St. Gabriel got out. Kids were gonna go to summer camp in a couple weeks and then literally she convinced him to go to Alpha for a week and at the end of the week they came home and like we don't want to go to summer camp we're gonna go back to Alpha which I thought no humans had ever said I didn't like school couldn't imagine somebody actually wanting to go over the summer and so it showed me I had to move them and that was ten years ago and it was great but my discussion with McKinsey always was McKinsey this is awesome for my family and the kids at Alpha and Austin, you know, this is awesome, but this is not scalable, right? You can't replicate, right, this at scale. The problem with all educational initiatives is they all break down at scale, all of them, right? All the academic, right, all the big effect size stuff break. And so I kept, you know, well, great for this, but, you know, nothing more. Then three years ago when Jenna AI came out, my neural nets for my paper, my decades had arrived, I was like, ah, this is how you're gonna be able to scale the awesomeness of alpha to a billion kids. And so back to my background, I was like, I went to my team who I'd been working with for 25 years, and I told them for 25 years, you said you're better than me. You could run this company better than me? We'll see, because you're now in charge, because I'm going to go be a principal. And so I put them in charge, and I went to McKinsey. I said, I need to be a principal. I'm a product person. I've got to be in the middle of this to figure out how to scale it. And I took a billion dollars from the software company and said, let's go rebuild education. For three years we've been trying to figure out, right, what are the right things to use, what are the apps to use, how good is Jenna AI, what are the platforms, you know, what are the parts of learning science that really matter, right, all the different aspects, what are the good parts of AI, what are the bad parts, and how do you build a great product. And so we've been three years into building this product and We are going to be releasing it in 2026, broadly. But we're now starting to talk about it for people who are interested, sort of pre-release, this is what's coming. And this will be the platform that all the Alpha School uses. And, you know, when you think about customer segments, We expect this will be used across lots of customer segments. First, parents. If you come to the website, we want, who's the parents? Parents care about, I want to go to a time back school. Oh, and let me just talk about the name, how we got the name. My first week, McKinsey has a core value of kids must love school, love it so much they don't want to go on vacation. And you're like, okay. So I talked to the fifth graders who were like, of the school and I have to deliver this commitment now that I'm principal. And I'm like, hey, you guys love school? And they're like, no. I'm like, what would make you love school? And they're like, less school. I'm like, how much less? They're like, none. And I'm like, that seems a little light. And basically, I'm like, would you engage in the apps for two hours a day? Two hours a day, if we gave you four hours to do some cool stuff that you loved. But you have to really engage. You can't screw around. You're really trying. And they agreed. And so I went to my team. I'm like, we got two hours. We have to educate these kids and crush their knowledge. We have to fill their brains. And we got two hours. And that's where the name Time Back came, because the most valuable thing, motivation is the most valuable thing. In educating a kid and their most, the thing they value more than anything is their time back, right? People talk about financial incentives and stuff, time back, giving kids their time back is by far the most important. And so I became a code name of the products, obviously what we drove and what's actually great and what you'll find out is we've known for 40 years, 40 years, how kids could learn 2, 5, 10 times faster, right? The schools of education have studied learning science. They published 10,000 papers on this. The problem is all of them basically start with this doesn't work with a teacher in front of a classroom, right? That's the issue. And so what we've been taking those is just literally taking all the learning science research, putting it into this learning engine that now teaches kids 10 times faster. And that is the core of time is we have this magical engine, right, that teaches kids 10 times faster, right? Now, you have to have the motivational part, and that's the core part, time back, right? If you take our software and just throw it into a normal classroom, it's not gonna work. This isn't, right? You have to restructure your school day, right? You have to really solve the motivational problem, but it allows kids 10 times faster. And once, you know, and this podcast is we're going to divide it, I'd suggest we divide it in two parts. The first part is nobody believes that's true, that kids can learn 10 times faster. So we'll go through all the data, right? We have three years of data from ALF, all these crazy, awesome academic results. And so you have to believe that. But once you believe it, once you cross over to like, oh my God, it works. You then have a whole new set of questions which are, how are we going to change our educational system? What do you do the other four hours a day, right? What should a school be like when it only takes two hours a day to crush academics, right? And so that's the core is we are now taking time back sort of out of the alpha and making it available for everybody because there's an infinite number of schools and school models that can built on top of this, right? That you can start thinking about, right? And that's what TimeBack's gonna be. It's gonna be the enabler to start all these different types of schools. So if you go to timeback.com right now, you're gonna see like right here, they have different customer segments. Are you a parent? Do you wanna go to a TimeBack school? Do you wanna homeschool? Do you wanna do afterschool tutoring? Cause you wanna keep your kid in a normal school, but you want them to learn academics really quickly, right? Are you a private, are you a school? Are you a public school, private school? Do you want to put this in your school? Are you an entrepreneur? Who's like, I want to start my own school system. I have an awesome idea. Really? You have a way you can do the academics, right? I should tell you about the school, Texas sports Academy, who's about to open up a thousand sports academies in Texas, where they're getting all the best coaches from out the state, right? Who now, because the academics is taken care of, can do the rest, right? Talk about that model. Are you a government, right, who's like, ooh, I need to do a sovereign educational AI, right? Sovereign Time Back for my country. Are you a philanthropist who's like, I need, I want to donate, right? I want tuition supplements or create scholarships for kids to go to these Time Back schools, right? All those things, right? So it's going to impact all of it. And we are launching that product.

31:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And so that's what Time Back is.

31:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
The biggest thing that Time Back's different, so all the Alpha and our other schools lean heavily on the full stack school day. When you go to alpha, it actually doesn't hit you with software. Right? If you go to it's kids.

32:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yay.

32:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

32:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
workshops. McKinsey's Instagram account has no fucking people in front of a computer. Like, right. She tries to hide it all. Not hide it. But she's she's like, that's not what people want to talk about. They don't want to talk about the software. Okay, time back is fucking software. Like, all All this magic where you get to have these awesome school days come from the fact that you have an engine that teaches kids 10 times faster. And when you're selling the school stack, the software is the least important part, right? It's the least important part. It's an enabler, but it is not the benefit, right? This is the problem all ed tech people make, right? They lead, right? And schools and parents don't want to buy that. Now, Time Back is a platform, right, where we are going to hit edginess. We have an engine that teaches kids 10 times faster. And let me tell you how and why. And we're going to do real product marketing, software product marketing, right, that has not been done at a school. Because the school is a different type of product. So you're going to go in and you're like, you know, if you look, we, there's probably a Crossover job posting of if you're a product marketer, like an Apple product marketer, right? Think of Apple's product market, where you go in and it's all, Oh my God, we have like, bend it, bent the laws of physics to make this so thin, you know, and are or whatever it is, or the metal we use is, you know, a special alloy, we had the engineer come up with the space program, whatever it is, to create the concept that this is a high-end, awesome product, right? And that is what you're gonna get on the, that's what we want on the Time Back website, that you are gonna sit there and be like, no one, like versus other ed tech, you're gonna come here and you'll be like, fucking Khan Academy and IXL are the fucking Stone Age. Oh my God, I will never let another fucking kid do that. Or chat GPT, literally giving your kid chat GPT is malpractice. You might as well feed them fucking poison, right? When you look at what our product does, right? Back to, let's talk about the learning science and literally the poison that these other apps are doing right just hardcore product marketing hitting it which is the website is your kids can crush academics in two hours a day that's all I once you come to this time back website I want one thing when you walk away from this website your kid if they use time back and crush academics in two hours a day because that is the enabler that then lets everybody be like, holy shit, I can have a sports school or an art school or theater school or an entrepreneur school or whatever fricking school I want, right? But this is the place that everybody's going to come and get into debates around learning science and software, AI, like we're going to slam chatbots so fucking hard, right, that giving kids chat GBT, non mastery based Why the fuck does Khan Academy fail so much? Why does IXL fail so much, right? Why does giving out chat GPT cause grades to go down, right? People say you're AI, what type of AI, right? Chat interfaces are poison to kids, right? Except five to 10%, right? Five to 10% of all ed tech works. We're focused on the 90, right? Why a vision model matters, right? Why personalized lesson plans matter, right? Why deep mastery focus. We're the only platform that's mastery-based, the only one on the planet that enforces mastery, right? All these people who, if you get online, like, if you go Read all the debates in the, right, Astral Codex ones, right, or there's a ton of Twitter debates right now that tracing wood grains is right? All the big ed tech debates, Dan Meyer debates, right? All of those, we are gonna be the place where we just crush them all, right? It's gonna be on the Time Back website. So when you talk about spiky points of view, we are gonna take all comers that kids can crush academics in two hours a day because our engine teaches them 10 times faster, fight me, right? And that's gonna be That's going to be time back. And we're just going to go at it. And so the product marketing is going to just exude, this is what you need, right? And it will be very comparative, right? Like why CHAP-GBT is poison, why no other ed tech software works, right? Why when you put Right? Here's our test scores. Let's go up against anybody else. And so that's the, and it obviously also has to exude high-end because it's, right, expensive.

38:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So my marketing is at 100K bounty and there's two kind of channels from what I've seen. One is involved in creative campaigning for the launch of TimeHack. The other one, involved with a separate website that I believe is there to host product marketing videos, 10 to 15 of them. These are both not related things. But what I'm asking you is that for people that want to work on either or option, is there a leadership team that we need to run things by to get approval for messaging? Is there a marketing team that's already been assigned to this that we can contact for ideas or information?

38:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's just me. Just me, so just put your stuff up and I'll give you feedback. So we'll create, I have an effort that I created for Time Back, and we can do everything in the effort to put it in there. A workflow in an effort, which is a brain lift, how I do everything.

39:09 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But, that said, what question you got?

39:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
As your tagline? Hobbies, not homework, yeah.

39:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
as a tagline for Time Back.

39:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's not, it's too soft, right? Versus, the tagline is, your kid can crush academics in two hours a day. They have to, that is the message. Now, if parents think that, they're gonna be like, shit, that means no homework, right? And it's not, this is, and so to be clear, all the other school, alpha school, all of them have a bigger value prop like that. Like my school has no homework, let them do their hobbies or let your kid do sports, right? This one is the pure, this software is an engine, right? Timeback allows kids to to learn 10 times faster, which means they can crush academics in two hours a day. Those are the two, right? Those are your anchors. Now, all the other websites, like how do you use it, right? Think of, this is Intel inside, where you're talking about why your Intel chip is awesome, but Dell and HP are like, well, here's why my computer's good, right, if you understand And this is fundamentally about the core enabling engine, right? Like take, we'll do SpaceX as a different example. SpaceX is like, we're going to Mars, woo, right? Or internet for everybody, whatever, right? But we're the Raptor engine, right? You should think of Time Back as the Raptor engine. Because without the Raptor engine, right, none of his shit works, right? It is the fucking enabler. And it is the most amazing engineering in the world. Now he's got to do other engineering for other stuff, but the Raptor engine at the core is why his shit is crushing him. And that is our learning engine, our time back engine, that is the enabler. And we want to talk about it in and of itself, not what it enables. The Raptor engine enables going to Mars, but when you go to the Raptor website, it doesn't talk about it. It talks about 326 PSI, whatever, whatever the frickin' rate, right? And the new alloy they're building, and the Raptor 2 versus the Raptor 1 and the Raptor 3, right?

41:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Hardcore engineering.

41:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I wanna mark a time back as this is the most advanced technology right that allows kids to learn 10 times fast right that we need when someone leaves the time back website they're like holy shit kids can learn 10 times faster like well first off nobody believes that nobody believes that and we need to build a website that hits that heart right because you can't all these cool schools if people don't believe that, right? And if you ask people about what they want to buy in a school, they don't actually want to buy software. They want to buy the benefit. Oh, my kid's happy and loves school and life skills. And so this site is just just unabashedly, we invented an engine that's 10 times faster because, right, we wanna create the one, because it is the enabler, it's just the truth, it really matters, right? And then any school that uses it inherits all that magic that no one else has, right? There's plenty of schools out there use IXL and Khan and chat GPT, and they deliver shitty academic results. How is that? Why is that? Right? You're gonna go to this website, and you're gonna Read this website, and you're gonna be like, holy shit, I get why. I will never expect those tools to ever work. Right? If you Read the astral codex one, where he's like, I gave my kids IXL in the summer, fucking never worked. And then magically, I put them in GT school and holy shit, they learn a lot, but they're still using iExcel sometimes. How can that be? Right? How can that be?

43:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

43:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And it's because you don't understand, we're not really using iExcel the way everybody else uses iExcel. Because they have no learning science, they have no mastery, they have no AI vision model, right? They have no time back platform, they have none of that. He says, it's the because I pay the kids and you're like that's not that's necessary but not sufficient right and so when you come to time back that's what it's going to be that crushingly positive and then you should see most parents are going to go to a school website and be like I want a sports academy now when they want to do their deep dive research, it's a time back school. Click on it, oh shit, look at this, that new Nvidia chip, oh my god, look, the NV72, NVL7, whatever, GB200, whatever, oh look, it's cool. And you Read it, and you're like, that sounds really advanced and complicated to build, right? And you're gonna Read this website and be like, wow, those guys, I've never heard of this learning but wow, that's wacky. Wow, that's really impressive. Oh, look at those papers I'm reading. Bloom's Two Sigma, right?

45:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Wow, cognitive load theory, whoa, right? 100%.

45:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Because the emotional side is all the school stuff, and the time back is we are the technical platform that enables all that.

45:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
We're the technical platform that enables all that.

45:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Absolutely.

45:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
What are the most important learning science concepts?

45:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Number one, blooms to sigma, right? So, Math Academy is always a good framework His book is always good. But here's what you want, is Bloom's Two Sigma's great because your leftmost part of Two Sigma is everybody's top 10%, which is just a great marketing concept. Your worst kid is top 10%, right, in Bloom's Two Sigma. So let's be that. Bloom's Two Sigma, I love it also because it's controversial. Because people are like, oh, it's not big enough and we couldn't replicate the effect size and all this shit. And our position is, there may be some minor problems with his study. We are delivering, Time Back will deliver Two Sigma to a billion kids on this planet. And whether it's only with mastery and um, personalized learning plans, which is sort of the tutor part. Or I need some other things. I need cognitive load theory, which wasn't invented in 1984 when he wrote it, right? I need to use some other learning science in there. That's irrelevant, isn't it? I'm going to do it. Our product is going to deliver two sigma to the plan. And so I love using this two sigma paper because it's famous for that. And I love engaging the haters who want to argue that because first off, 99% of the haters reference a study that is only tutoring, which is only half as fucking paper.

47:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

47:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Nobody does mastery. Nobody. Even tutors struggle with mastery. Enforcing mastery is hard. It's emotionally hard to beat the shit out of your little student and hold high standards. When they're struggling. And it's what our platform does so well, which is why we use the motivational part to get them through it, because it's hard as shit. And there is no software on the planet today that enforces mastery at a high enough level. People say mastery, but it's at such a low level that it's useless, right? You have mastery if you get seven of 10 right. That's not mastery. You can say it's mastery, it's not. You will have holes, right? When he's talking about why it works is because it's mastery. I get them all right, I've mastered the material. Not, shit, 70% of the time I get them, right? No one would say if I was going down, if I was dribbling down the basketball court, if I was a point guard, and I fucking lost the ball 30% of the time going out the court, that I have mastery point guard, nobody. But in academics and every other platform, whether it's Khan or IT, 70% is good enough. The Texas star test, right? Like 80 is like, whoa, we're at 80% now. Still same argument, right? That's why we do 100 for 100, right? We show kids, you can do that. And so it's mastery plus personalized lesson plan are the two most important features. Now, um, Related to that, the vision we want to present is, and this gets advanced, it depends on how our wording can go. Imagine giving kids, and the images that matter though for a parent, personalized learning plans matter, which is, I'm in a set of fourth graders and fifth graders who can't Read. Handing them fourth and is a waste of time. They can't Read it, right? Yet that's what our schools do, right? We have two-thirds of the kids in some schools who can't Read in sixth and eighth grade. And you're like, okay, let's hand out some eighth grade material to them, right? Once again, that's like giving all of us an MCAT, right? I don't know half the words. I feel like an idiot. That imagery helps explain why personalized lesson plan really matters, right? You have to give them the lesson that they don't know. And a teacher can't do that. That's one of the best visuals you have of having people understand why personalized tutoring, they think what matters about the tutoring is the human talking to them. It's not that it's the fucking tutors like, dude, you don't know this, right? You're trying to learn calculus and you don't know this algebra shit. Of algebra problems. That's what a tutor really does, right? That's the value of tutoring, is giving you a personalized lesson plan, right? And so that's number one, right, that visualizes its parents. Mastery is really hard to visualize and all this stuff. It just matters, right? And then you can use a sports analogy, and they sort of get it. And then third, the image you want to do is, Imagine giving kids the zone of proximal development. Kids, right, learning science, 80 to 85% accurate, right? That if you want to keep kids in the zone, right, it's what Fortnite does and everybody does with their video games is keep them always winning. Don't get them into too much struggle, right? Because then they disengage. And so an AI, right, our personalized lesson plan can generate unending stream of lessons and questions at a kid that they're 80 to 85% right, which keeps them engaged, which keeps your rate of learning really fast. That zone of proximal development, when you think about that of what are the concepts, spaced repetition, everybody uses it, so that should be last on our list. Because that's like auntie or whatever, right? It's just, it's literally like, okay, well, why has an auntie taken over the fucking world, right? And so those, and then cognitive load theory is huge, right? Cognitive load theory is like the magic where people are like, that's just so fucked up, right? Like when you can, having a thing where it explains Right? You have limited working memory slots, and how many reps it takes to store, and that literally the engine can sit there and optimize it for your working memory. Right? And how fluency, we have to have this part in, how fluency is like a cheat code, because it won't use up a working memory slot, which is why memorizing your multiplication tables is so important. Right? Which is sort of our strongest argument that the average parent doesn't believe. All the schools have stopped teaching multiplication tables. Everybody. No one transferring into our schools anymore knows their multiplication tables. The girls from Switzerland did, outside the US. But in the US, they've just abandoned it. And that's just so bad. That shows up in careless errors, all that. Super strong visualization for a parent, and it also is why we have to have our video game as part of the launch, right? A fast math video game where parents are like, oh, I finally get this shit. They got this thing that fluency matters, and fluency is literally the only thing that simulates that you have a higher IQ, right? Because it basically gives you more working memory slots. It lets you solve problems that you couldn't solve, right, without it. And so it's like, magically, I can solve harder problems. And so that whole cognitive load stuff seems like magic, right? And it also just shows between the proximal, right, zone of proximal development and cognitive load, and just delivering that content personalized to the kid, that's when parents are like, well, fucking no teacher could this in front of 30 kids, you're like, well, obviously, a teacher cannot create an unending stream of questions for everybody in her class at 80% to 85% accuracy. You're like, oh, I get it. And every kid, it has to be personalized to every kid based on how many working memory slots they have. Everybody's like, OK, I give up. And so that's the part where, when you're talking about the science behind this and that we built the engine that does this, No one else, everybody else is like, OK, this is futuristic technology that is way different than what everybody else is talking about. And then the final part that you want to do around, there's great research papers about engagement. And this is where you get into the inquiry learning and all that shit, which we're going to stay away from engagement, there's plenty of papers about engagement, which is if the kid's interested in the subject, and right, they learn more. Right. And so being able to have a generative engine like Incept, that generates problems, right, and lessons, like, oh, you like baseball, I'm teaching you statistics in baseball, right? Parents are like, oh okay right that's the other unlock where literally every kid based on their interests can have the have inset generating them lessons based on their interests and once again no teacher could generate 30 different lessons for their 30 kids right and so that's so when I think of like what do we want to incorporate in you know the learning science parts the parts about engagement around where you look at that and you're like, okay, this is what our platform does, right? Yeah, on the learning science. Let me think if there's anything else. I put it in the workflow. I'm trying to remember. No. That's a motivation is a different part of the website or a different learning science Motivation is, OK, now you have this engine that's 10 times faster. You now need a motivated student. How do you do that? So the first element and most important motivational framework is time back. Give their kids their time back to let them do sports all afternoon. That's more important than anything. Then there's other things you do because, oh, shit, I can't give the time back. So you're after school. So this is that motivational thing that's one of the projects, which is, oh, go to Go to our motivational framework and you can bribe your kids with some freaking X with, you know, video game stuff or money or screen time, right? Or treats or an emporium or whatever. We want to have that as an element, but that's a different part than the learning science. But we want to hit the learning science part really hard, because fundamentally, the learning science is the part that is why today's LLMs. Like, why can't you just prompt your way through all these bullshit, simple AI tutor wrappers? I'm like, why do they suck so much? And it's fundamentally because because they don't embody the concepts of learning science. That's their fundamental flaw. And kids just use them to cheat. Since you're not embedding learning science, the kids just use them to cheat. And the other part of the LLMs is it's really hard to enforce in a chat interface. Okay. What else? So Kate wrote a sub stack this weekend on the Read Austin scholars on motivation because she sort of hit the same concept and It depends on the age of the kid like Every kid has their own motivation Okay. So, uh, if you told me, let's just take sort of the degenerate cases. You can either have time back or money. Right. So like my, the guy who's, um, uh, Patrick O'Shaughnessy, who's the podcast guy on Monday, I was like, would you think astral codex? He's like, this guy doesn't understand. And the power of time back. He's like, time back is so much more important than fucking money, right? He's like, the reason I want alpha and send my kid to alpha is the afternoon workshops. Now, academically oriented parents don't give a shit about the entrepreneur workshop, right? And they're just pushing the academics, but time back, right? And so now there are still kids, Give money, not time back, right? There's other kids where you're like, no, time back's more powerful. If I had to pick one overall for a school, time back. Time back is more powerful. First of all, kindergarten, first grade, second grade, third grade, it's not even close, right? Frickin' kindergarten's where you don't even know what money is.

1:00:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Okay, so, right?

1:00:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Now, the older you get, the more power money has, right? But if I had to run a high school where I couldn't do alpha X projects, where you had to sit in class for, if you have to do the Westlake schedule, like if you basically, let's take the degenerate case, the Westlake honors schedule, six hours a day, three hours of homework, right? Grind, right? Just grind. And I can pay you. Okay. But that's the program you gotta do. Or the alpha program, right? Where you're getting your alpha X project in the afternoon. Which one do I think is what I'd rather do? I'd rather do alpha X. The amount of money I would have to pay kids for the nine hour grind, right? For four years, right? And what would my percent rate versus once I get you on an Alpha X project where, right, it's over. Because I get all the other shit for free because you're doing what you love, right? And so now I got to juice some kid for tutoring after school, right? I want money, right? Except video games. I'll take video games over money for a middle school kid, right? We're working with, I don't know, a couple more of the video game guys, streamers, I don't know who they are. And they're going to work with us on the Esports Academy. And so would I rather have gaming with them in a tournament or money? Well, kids will just divide. The video game kids will all pick the video game and money is the other one. So money is a powerful one. I would I'd rather build a school based on time back than money. I'd rather build a middle school for boys on video games than money. For targeted things where I don't know, I'd use money as my default behavior. Ukrainian refugees.

1:03:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:03:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:03:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:03:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And that's what they're missing is the, our guides, you know, if you go talk to all our guides, like we have a spreadsheet with every student and every motivation we've tried with the kid and every kid's different. That's sort of what Kate Substack goes into, is she's like, sometimes screen time is a better motivator than money. Just grant more screen time. And every kid is unique, and that's what our guides do. If it was easy as just putting money, I could eliminate half my guides. Now, if you're a bad guy, Like I have asked the high school kids, like there was a bad guy and we fired him. And I was like, do you want us to hire another guy? Or should I just take their salary and give it to you guys as incentives for your alpha X? Like you can increase your alpha X budgets. And they're like, just give me more money for my alpha X, right? I don't need the adult, you know, cause they have a big student. You can, there's a thing about you, want low student-teacher ratio, they actually don't care about low student-teacher ratio. They just want awesome guides. And they're like, shit, if there's one of them, that's all you need, as long as I have some time with them. But you could totally, like if I was building a school, fewer better guides is way, which is what we do. That's why we pay so much, is have fewer better ones. Have the great coach. Right, not to like have asses, right? And kids totally agree with that. Yeah, so his thing is all around the money and motivation, and I believe it's one dimensional. And I believe if you took his kids out of GT school and just paid him like he thinks you can, it would not work. Now, it would work better than what he was doing before GT school, where he didn't pay them. But it's not like, you know, cohorts matter a lot. Gauntlet proves that more than anything, but so does GT school and so does Alpha, right? Schools succeed. Great schools succeed, just like great sports teams succeed. You get a bunch of of people together who want to go do hard, awesome shit together. And when they do it, you get this extra magic, right? That money can't, right? It can't buy it. Right? And I'm gonna go, he's gonna pull them out and try to pay them. They're gonna be like, I want to go back to GT school. Right? Like a parent who's like, I don't want to pay the 25 grand for GT school, I'm going to pull them out and give my kid $1,000 a month and I excel. Which one is going to work better? I'm like fucking GT school. The guides, the cohorts, the culture, peer group effect. Think of remote gauntlet versus in-person. Right. It's just, it's different. Right. And how much, okay, I'm paying you remotely.

1:06:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:06:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's just, and so, so the, the, um, but the part I love is I absolutely believe 90% of the solution is motivation, but 90% of the motivation solution is not money, which is sort of the point of his, belief, and that's just not true.

1:07:15 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
That's not true.

1:07:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Otherwise, it would be really easy to build schools, right? Or just homeschool your kid and just pay him and you're all set. Now, it's better to pay him than whatever you're doing with homeschool probably, but it's not better than sending him to Alpha or Sports Academy, right? How much would you have to pay a kid to leave sports account would be an interesting question on the money side right and part of your incentives is when you think of the other part on GT school is the our money allocated for incentives at GT school is dramatically less than all our other schools because the kids love academics at GT school so I don't have to pay for for fucking academics. I mean, we do, but it's like, right? The amount you have to pay, right, to crush academics, right, at non-GT school is much higher, right? Like what we're trying to do at homeschool, right? So, but motivational model, that's a big thing we should write up and talk about. Kate did her first one. We had an alpha parent Read Kate's time alpha parent. And she's taught me for years on this. And she's like, Kate, I'm so glad I Read this because I actually agree with everything you said and you've converted me that the alpha motivational model, right, is actually good. And that extrinsic motivation does not destroy intrinsic motivation, right? There's this whole beam out there backed by almost facts and actually countered by almost everybody in real life, that extrinsic motivation destroys intrinsic motivation, right? There's that whole meme that's like, extrinsic motivation destroys intrinsic motivation. And there's like one half-assed study that everybody references, but everybody's personal experience is completely different. Every athlete is motivated extrinsically by championships and winning and scores and records, right? Extrinsic motivation. But it does not destroy their intrinsic motivation either. It doesn't. Michael Jordan is intrinsically motivated. He is extrinsically motivated to win and win championships. Everybody is. Right? Who has that drive to win, right? And it is an extrinsic motivation of winning and championship, right? And they feed each other. Actually, Matthew Bateman's wife has a great one. So GT dad Read Kate's article and is like, Kate, this is great. You absolutely should publish it. I totally agree. She's like, I actually have a spiky point of view. There's no fucking such thing as intrinsic motivation. That is a fake manifestation because everything is holistic. And how do you separate the, what is intrinsic, extrinsic about winning the championship trophy, right? And getting the awards or I want to be the world's best musician, piano player, pianist. That's extrinsic. But it's intrinsic. It's a fake line that people have made up. So GT Dad and his wife, who's doing the big thing on entrepreneurial motivation and stuff, her book, she has a whole chapter on and a paper on it. So you should Read that. And it actually goes into the research, the psychological research evidence. It's still whatever. Fundamentally, how do you divide the two? What I love, though, is we are going to force all this discussion out in the open about motivation. There's this weird shit around academic motivation that is made up of all these false beliefs, that when parents are confronted with the truth, 80% change their minds, right? 80%. I just sit there and I'm like, all right, guys, I, you know, you people come in, I'm like, I'm going to design your motivation system for your job, for work. Okay, here's what it's going to be. If you come in, and you work really crush it for 12 years, I'm going to give you a promotion where then you can crush it again for four more and then I'm going to give you a salary increase. Okay? Because you need to love your fucking job and be intrinsically God damn motivated. And that's what you tell your kindergarten and wonder why the fuck they're not motivated during school. Because not one of you as an adult would live with that same thing that you inflict on a six-year-old.

1:13:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Let's take the sort of person, the sort of person for whom public schools actually work really well. So if you take a 12-year-old girl, she's smart, she's extremely conscientious, does all of her homework ahead of time and all of those sorts of things. If she were to go to Alpha, would the benefit to her just be time back? Would it just be the individualized way?

1:13:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I have like eight. No, for her, First of all, when you say working well, school is fine. Does she love school so much she tells her parents she doesn't want to go on vacation? Does she say I don't want to go on summer break? Has she learned all the set of life skills? Is she following her passion project with her Alpha X project where she's sitting here setting ambitious goals that are harder than thought she could achieve, right? All the life skills part, right, is what you would take. Oh, I have a normal student. I have a normal honors student who's high IQ, high conscientiousness. Why should they come to Alpha? It's because they can do 10 times more than what we're having them do, right? You're just setting super low expectations for them, right? They're grinding, you know, they're the Westlake kid doing 30 APs, right? And you're like, really, that's right. They already are doing fine academically, right? What you're trying to say is what are the life skills that really will transform their life, right? And get them on a trajectory where you're like, no, you should be working on shit you love that's super hard among other people who are working on shit they love that's super hard, right? No, I had two of the summer students today that I was talking to and one of them's, you know, classic immigrant tiger mom. And she's like, I don't want you to go to alpha because they're going to have you work on a passion project and you just need to focus on academics at standard school. And she's doing fine at standard school. And she's just like, you have to convince her that I can crush academics in two hours a day. And I'm like, Luckily for you, we have all the test scores. Right? We have the highest SAT freshman class average in the state. 1410. Tell your mom. Tell your mom she's sending you to school with academics that are too low a standard.

1:15:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:15:35 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But that's why you have to get parents to realize your kid can do those academics in two hours a day, not six hours plus homework, right? The Westlake homework is like anti-learning science. It's literally what they assign homework. It's like, this is the worst way to learn. You literally said, if I want to slow my kid down and have them learn as little as possible, let's have them do this way, right? And that's what you're trying to get. That's why they're going to come to the Time Back site and be like, holy shit, my kid can crush academics in two hours a day. Am I a bad parent for having them do six hours plus homework?

1:16:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:16:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And the problem today is parents don't, this mom, right? She doesn't believe that it's real learning. There's some trick. There's no retention. You're cramming. You're not really learning it, whatever, right? Made up shit. That's because you, it's just, it's like magic. How can they learn 10 times faster? So, no, it's like you see the math academy scores published on Twitter and people are like, oh my God, right? Or Read his learning science book.

1:16:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But the design of your schools is all around designing around the motivation and the life skills you teach.

1:17:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Those are your two, like time back gives you this piece. What is the part your school is at? And you're like, what are you doing with the time back? Right?

1:17:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And how is that driving love of school plus life skills?

1:17:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Those are your. Sounds like,

1:18:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Generally, what I do is make it a simple binary. Your kids are stuck in standards, so I would copy the framework of alpha, which is When you talk about motivation, you wanna make the system the bad guy and the coach the good guy. And it gets, the hardest part of being a coach is that dual, I have to be the enforcer and the motivator, right? We talk about alpha guides where if you're climbing up Mount Alpha, the student never wants to think you're gonna push him off. They want to think you're the Sherpa bringing them up the guide and helping them the whole time. But if you're the one enforcing hard standards around the academics, they feel you're pushing them off. And so what you want to do is have the system be the bad guy, which is you are not allowed to do anything in the afternoon until you finish your lessons in the morning. And if you don't finish your lessons, you're stuck at the computer until you do. And that is an unmitigated rule. The coach is like, I can't do anything about it. It's just the rule. It's just the way it is. And if that's it, that's all they have to do on motivation. Which is you're like, guys, this is it. And then my job as coach is to make sure the kids wanna do the afternoon, right? And so they don't have to motivate the kid around the two hours, because the system does. Because the system's like, you don't get your fucking time back. Like, so here's what you want. Like, here's the interface you guys wanna have, because is, here's your six hour day, right? Here's your afternoons. As you click off lessons, you can see your timer. And until they hit, and you just make it a visual, just do that, just code that up based on the lessons being hit, and then all of a sudden your afternoon goes green. And until it goes green, you can't do it, right? And you have that built in. Built into your system, non-negotiable, it gives you the scale where that's the only way you can enforce the academics. At Alpha, we have standard schools, so when you come into the school, we have three tiers that are just hard-coded into the system. It took us the whole first year to figure all this shit out. When you come in, you sit at a Right? And you're stuck. And people are like, wait, where's all the cool alpha shit? And you're like, you have to graduate from standard school to be, you have to earn two hour learner, which is a, right, a batch. And that teaches you actually how to engage the apps, do it correctly.

1:21:34 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

1:21:34 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
All that stuff. Right? How to get the rings closed, right? How to do two-hour sessions, right? At the right accuracy and all that. And until you learn that, you can't be a two-hour learner. Then once you're a two-hour learner, you're like, oh, you don't have to sit at your desk anymore, right? You get all this set of freedoms, right? We have a higher tier, which is rocket ship, which isn't just academics, it's even higher But it's also leadership and workshop leadership as well. And then you get a whole other set of privileges. That's like at high school, they don't even have to come to school. Rocketship high school kids, like Rhett, who built his bike park six days a week. He would come in and do 10-hour learning and then go off. But he was a Rocketship kid, so he could do whatever. So that's what I would do around the two-hour learning side. The other side is have you guys talked to Steph about the training and and you know what well but you should have so we're gonna have in-person staff days that start the 28th or 9th of July. Everybody comes in and there's two weeks right it's all two weeks of onboarding and training and so how many coaches do you guys have?

1:22:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yeah, you should have them be part of that.

1:23:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Sure, that's fine.

1:23:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right, you should talk to staff, but look, we're gonna have the, we'll make sure what the total number is, but we're doing it the Omni, because we have everybody flying in from all the schools now. It's too big for Spyglass. So talk to staff, and let's have the Sports Academy guys there, right? Yeah, yeah. It's gonna be a lot harder when you have 1,000 in a year.

1:23:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Do the what? Yeah.

1:23:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, you guys should all be in it too, right? You're associated with your coaches, yeah.

1:23:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, is it?

1:23:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Okay, so you should put your guides in guide training. Or put the coaches in guide training.

1:24:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:24:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Okay. Okay.

1:24:10 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And August starts what?

1:24:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
The 14th? School starts?

1:24:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
August 11th. God, we are fucking running out of time.

1:24:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Great.

1:24:32 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yes, but yes, you should go to the guide training then too. Talk to staff, see what the important parts are, right? And just get the whole curriculum and see what it is. Who, CeCe put it together? CeCe put it together, yeah. Sit down with CeCe and see if she can just, what is it and can you Read it? How many days do you have to go and do as little as you can, right? That you get what you want. But no, training on all this shit is always like, you know, it's like McKinsey's got her little entourage of, you know, she's opening 25 schools. And so like all the fucking guides and stuff, she's like, okay, come on my entourage.

1:25:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:25:21 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Cause her sales team, They all have to figure out, right, get good. And so she's like, OK, well, I'm doing 12 cities. So make sure you guys are at the cities. And you guys have to stand up and answer the Q&As, right, and practice and be able to do this. So this is when you talk about scale. This is why everything has to be in your system, because you can't train the humans. Like fundamentally, what you are counting on is that you have a system. That will enforce two-hour learning in the morning, and that you're hiring coaches who know how to motivate kids. And if those two things aren't true, this whole thing is going to blow up, right? If you're like, holy shit, I got to teach these coaches to motivate kids, right? Like teachers coming in and stuff, we do stuff so differently to a teacher, you're like, Your coaches can't have to be retrained. You can train them on what's different, but it's not. The average teacher doesn't wake up and says, I'm measured on my motivation of the kids. That's not what a teacher says today. They're measured on teaching seventh grade science. So when they come to alpha, you're like, no, no, no. There's no fucking seventh grade science. Stop. Here's a motivational sheet. We do it, right? Your job has changed. You do one-on-one with the kids and you're not allowed to talk about academics during the one-on-one. You're like, hey, what'd you do this weekend? How's the soccer tournament? Did you win? What's going on? Hey, let's set some ambitious goals around your check chart and your life skills or your projects, you know, that kind of stuff. And so, but coaches, right, I generally were leaning into They're coaches. Now, there's better and worse coaches, obviously, and stuff, but you're...

1:27:22 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
If it's not enforced by the platform, it will not be done.

1:27:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Exactly.

1:27:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
That's great. Yeah. Great.

1:27:53 - Unidentified Speaker
That's awesome.

1:27:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

1:28:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Arthur senator Yes, the Fort Worth was taped Whoever asked for Fort Worth, she'll share it.

1:28:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:28:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Wait, who's it?

1:28:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Oh, Arthur.

1:29:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:29:08 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

1:29:18 - Unidentified Speaker
What else?

1:29:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You are a hundred percent parent focus you don't give a shit about your coaches I know you have to sell them and get them you care about the kid and and the parent, they are the customer. They are the ones giving you money.

1:30:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
The coaches are an intermediate, right?

1:30:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
They are not the end user. They are not giving you money. You are delivering for the parent. You are delivering for the kid. You pick the kid in any fight, parent and kid over the coach. So in this case, you meter it out. Yeah, every time you tell me I'm reliant on the coach, I'm like, you have a shitty platform. I understand, so pilot schools, you gotta manage it all, but your core value has to be the kids and the parents and all your design decisions have to be that way. And you guys have all the leverage. I know you don't think you do, you do. You have all the leverage. And you have to give the harsh message to the coaches of, guys, we're building this platform for the kids. You're like, no, we're the most important. You're like, no, the customer's the most important. They are sellers. Right? They are sellers on Amazon's network. Amazon always focuses on the customer. And the sellers, the three Ps, fucking whine like bitches, as they should. Right? But Amazon wins by focusing on the customer. The kids are the customer. Parents are the customer. This is why you have to get your customer acquisition work so that you're not hostage to the coaches. The coaches would not set as high as an academic standard as you need.

1:32:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
They would not set a highest standard anything.

1:32:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Whatever they do by definition they think is good. You are setting a higher standard. Coaches will have to work to achieve your stand. What else? What do we else? Other questions?

1:33:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
This is a cool little demo.

1:33:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 3
This is really quick. You said you wanted con. So here's the actual con website. I'm sure you've seen it before.

1:33:24 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I'm just going to change the domain over here.

1:33:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Nice.

1:33:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Academy.

1:33:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Oh, sorry about that.

1:33:38 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 3
But we scraped all of the content.

1:33:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You have a complete clone of Cog. Yeah. Written against Timeback.

1:33:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 3
We're migrating to Timeback. Currently, we have everything in Postgres. We're learning the Timeback spec. But we just changed the domain and our little domain over here.

1:33:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
This is the same site.

1:33:56 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 3
We can open the videos, introduction to economics, and we can start. We actually scraped all the questions, converted to QTI. So this is a QTI plugin. And we have a little AI function that translates their own proprietary like Perseus JSON blob into like these QTI things. We still have to get the answers, but this is like the shell.

1:34:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Perfect.

1:34:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Back to how hard this is? The data was the, scraping the site.

1:34:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 3
Is the hardest? No, they have zero rate limiting. Literally the, like it's just GraphQL. You can just like scrape all the data. Pretty easily. Someone else from Trilogy was actually asking for the scripts. The hard part is integrating with Timeback. We're just learning everything. Surprisingly, like we were talking about the data model today and everyone's talking about Timeback. Khan Academy maps very easily onto Timeback because it's all like courses and units and stuff like that. So we're lucky, but I guess yeah. So I don't think we'll have issues like integrating with Timeback. Great.

1:35:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Well, I'll be excited to show it to Saul. Yeah.

1:35:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Joe, what are you planning to do with these clones?

1:35:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Like, with Clone Math Academy, what do you do with it?

1:35:21 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
There's two parts to it, which is, like, Khan, I'm literally going to go show it to Saul and be like, our team put this together to show you what would the benefits be of being on Timeback. And do you want Khan Academy on Timeback? I mean, yeah, Khan Academy on Timeback. And so we're going to go sell him that he should have Khan Academy on Timeback, right, and all the benefits of there. Math Academy, once we have a clone, we will want to modify the clone. They will not be as excited. We will have to work Solves an easier pitch, dramatically easier pitch. Math Academy, we're going to have to either do one of two paths. Come up with this really compelling pitch, why Math Academy should be on Time Back. Or we will modify the clone so it's not exactly a clone, but it's this basic framework. Yeah? Yeah, make them both. I always, when, if you're, if there's something out there and sort of embrace and extend, just clone it 100% and then modify it, right? Like re-skinning, right, the Math Academy engine, because the Math Academy engine isn't gonna be their engine, or is it? It's gonna be your engine, right? It's your engine. Yeah, yeah, so it's like, So take them back to whenever you're cloning something, you're just trying to scope the problem and build good scenes, good layers and interfaces. And so you're like, their interface with your engine is basically it. Our engine is very close to theirs.

1:37:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
That's fine.

1:37:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
It's totally fine. No, you're basing it on theirs. Stuff that's totally fine, right? And then, so you have that, and then you can say, okay, now we put a different interface on it, right? And you can use both and have people swap between them or whatever, if you wanted the the Math Academy way. That'll be, you know, there's back to cloning software, there's you know, except for direct pixel perfect clones, it's legal. It's not a, right? It's all totally doable. And so you can be like, we'll have to name it, you know, something else, but time back math or whatever. Right. And people are like, Oh my God, it looks just like math academy. And it's not exactly, but it looks just like it. There's nothing wrong with that. Right. That's not right. There's it's like, yeah, we should, converge. If we think Math Academy is a really good interface, we should be like, all math apps should look this way.

1:38:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:38:42 - Unidentified Speaker
A follow-up question.

1:38:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So, like, we're thinking of integrating with TimeBag. We were talking about it today. Yeah. And we sent any to CMod as well. The only concern we have is the path, like, the learning path for students are dynamic. Yeah. So that means we need to create a course for students. And as they finish each lesson, we're going to be modifying the courses for them over time. So that, I mean, I think it suits well the angle of having everything depersonalized, but it does mean a ton more content, because your questions are going to be unique for students. Your courses are unique for students. And I don't know if Timebag is okay with that.

1:39:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
What's the total would you expect for a grade level, the total data storage of one student with fully customized lessons?

1:39:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Gigabyte?

1:39:49 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Then and what is a gigabyte storage on AWS 4 cents a gig 2 cents a gig The answer is, the long-term design decision we have to make is if we're generating personalized lessons, personalized questions for every kid, and oh, this kid likes baseball, and this kid loves fashion, and we're creating different questions and all that stuff, are we throwing them away and it's just dynamic, or are we storing? And what I would say right now is let's store them until it becomes too big a deal. And then we could reverse that decision. But generally, let's have all the shit they ever store. Right back to how much money people are willing to spend. You're like, people are like, yeah, I have your whole every fucking question you've ever answered in school. Store. Right? Like, let's just store it. Right? Storage is cheap. And, you know, we can back to scale, let's index it well, and all that kind of stuff. But I'm, uh, you know, back to how much people pay for academics, you know, people are gonna be willing to pay $10,000 a year. And we're like, okay, we should store everything. Right? Just like, just back to like Spotify playlist, the end of year playback for your parent. Here's all the questions you answer. Don't remember your third grade, right? Oh, my God, that's Paul. Let's, you know, let's go Paul. His memories, right? Remember this lesson that was so freaking hard two years ago, right? And people were like, oh my God, that's so easy now. Right?

1:41:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, great.

1:41:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Then let's just store everything and see what it is.

1:41:57 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And, you know, and obviously, it's custom per kit, right? We're gonna, our design goal, you know, no one's ever thought, right? And at One EdTech, obviously not built for that because it's built for a class that's all the same. But we're going to have to extend it and be like, yeah, every kid's going to have their own. And here's how we map it back.

1:42:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But yeah, let's store everything for now. Yeah, 10,000 questions, which is It would be like a fraction of a video.

1:42:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah. No, it's totally, it's yeah.

1:42:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Totally want to do it. Right. Cause anything that generation costs is way higher than a storage cost. Cause of generating questions. For sure.

1:42:50 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Couldn't agree more. Couldn't agree more. The generation is where all the cost is. Right. And so just store them all out and it's just back to, you know, back to the kind of stuff parents have no idea that their kid answered 10,000 questions for a grade level. They just don't, like I remember the first time I pulled up, right, I have a dash of, you know, how many questions kids were, you know, cranking through. They're like, holy shit, right? Like, when you think about Drill and Kill, you're like, oh, okay, yeah, you gotta go crank through 10,000 questions, right? Right? And it's just, there's so many interesting visualizations and stuff back to, you know, convincing parents and us building this awesome tieback platform. You want these dashboards. Right with all this stuff and you want to be able to pull out like in the last month These are the lessons your kids struggled with the most Right Here's the parts where they really don't have mastery. Yeah, right you wanna You want to know that right? Like we got our APS back for high school today pardon um Our kids They crushed it relative to every other standard. Our new biology content wasn't as good as third party. So almost everybody got fours and fives. We had a few threes in biology. To, I think, which is below what we normally get. And that was our content that we generated. So AP history has been, in APs, we use third party AP stuff. We're now building AP content. But the other APs we did great on. Our AP Lang and AP Lit, we crush, like relative to the other schools in Austin, everybody's worried about writing always we crush laying in late. We crush a push US history. We crush everybody who took world got a four or five.

1:45:15 - Unidentified Speaker
No threes.

1:45:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Five on physics. So yeah, so we're it's a when I compare it to, um, Our SATs, 1410 is our median and average freshman year SAT, which is way above everybody. Our bio, our freshman bio AP is not as good as 1410, right? It's better than even Westlake, which is, you know, it's better than Westlake's. But 1410 is better than like all the high schools in the country, and our APs is only better than Austin.

1:45:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Not the country. I have a follow-up question. You mentioned that you switched everyone to MAD Academy for fifth grade, right?

1:46:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Or no? We are going to this coming year.

1:46:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
We do not right now. I guess we'll find out.

1:46:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
If they switch to Math Academy.

1:46:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Because they're just less drooling in Math Academy compared to iExam. And that's our fear.

1:46:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So exactly what you're talking about is, we talk about how Math Academy is GT coding. It's for GT kids. And GT kids, back to cognitive load theory, they need fewer reps to store the long-term memory. And that is what we're terrified of on Math Academy versus IXL is we need more reps. We're hoping our math app will have the more reps. So we have the math academy framework with more questions.

1:47:28 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah. Yeah.

1:47:29 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
You just have, you have an infinite bank and just go through it.

1:47:35 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You know, the IXL framework or so, you know, and what's in the PowerPath API, the easy, medium, hard, and you just escalate. And you just write, that is a great model.

1:47:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's better than the Math Academy model, it's better than Avery's.

1:47:57 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Fall back?

1:47:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 3
You mean in IXL?

1:48:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, yes it is. I understand, but it forces, it's back to, it forces mastery. Everybody who, if you have to have, high standards to enforce mastery. And everybody shies away from it because kids disengage. And that's why you need extrinsic motivation to fricking get them to go through it. But IXL's Smart Score 100 is the most important part of our use of IXL. Lessons sort of suck. Worked examples in Math Academy way better, but the reason our system works, IXL doesn't work anywhere else on the planet, right? Except at Alpha, because we're the only people who enforce SmartScore 100. And that SmartScore 100 is magic, right? Kate, my daughter Kate failed all her seventh and eighth grade standardized tests. Whatever, six years ago, five years ago. Because she was only doing smart score to 80, because that's all we thought you had to do back then. We didn't know. And we're like, holy shit, right? And that's sort of, because the standards show you half, but once you get to 100, right, those are the hard questions with rigor, intrinsic, right? Gives you enough reps that it stores. That is the magic. So when you think of your math app, you want, Math Academy work examples, which are better than Ixl lessons, and you want smart, the equivalent of PowerPath 100, or the easy, medium, hard rigor, and whatever you have to do to take away, right, even though it's demotivating, right, or you just raise the bar, right, you just don't. Yeah. Whatever it is, you can figure out. No, right, you're just like, okay, you're stuck at 98 forever.

1:50:10 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

1:50:10 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And you can just stop the progression.

1:50:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

1:50:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, the taking away points. I work in the the mission 42 guys, the video game guys beat me up every time you're never taking points away. 100% Never take points away.

1:50:29 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I was reading all the reviews by parents, and the number one thing they hate about Excel is actually that exactly what you're describing. Well, because they don't know how to motivate their kid through it.

1:50:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:50:45 - Unidentified Speaker
It's effective.

1:50:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Your app must enforce mastery. So you can't be like with the Math Academy, where it only is enforcing It has to do it for all the kids.

1:51:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So Carl Hendrick, you should Read the papers on ...

1:51:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I think it's Carl Hendrick, or he can refer you to papers. Here's the other part of iExcel that really matters. There's a learning science concept called mass practice, which is the opposite of spaced repetition. And the way you get mastery is you do mass practice, i.e. Cram it all in until you learn it. iExcel smarts 400, PowerPass smarts 400. And then once you have that, you do spaced repetition. Math Academy and just say, I don't do the mass practice, I just do spaced repetition. Once again, works for GT kids, doesn't work for other kids. You need that boom up front, but then you still need spaced repetition. If it's either or to go with spaced repetition, but just do both, right? The whole thing about all this stuff is, if you have an extrinsic motivation, Only fucking two hours, just do both. Crush it through and put in some space for repetition. There's plenty of time, right? So, and you've got, the other, back to quizzes, whatever, formative quizzes or unit tests, right? Here's my whole course, make them crush unit one. And to demonstrate mastery before you put them in unit two. That's what our Athena app does for the APs is why we get. We don't let you, you know, average AP has like nine units, 10 units. Most are like, most people are like, it's totally fine, right? And we give you at the end of unit one, you have to get a 5, and now we only create specialized tests that only have unit 1 content. But you've got to get a 5.

1:53:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And until you do, you don't go into unit 2.

1:53:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So ... And there's debate around it all, but ... All you do is delay, and then all of a sudden they take the ...

1:53:42 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
and have all these errors and have to go back.

1:53:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, they give you a quiz. Yep, that's fine too. If it's not unit-based, it's time-based. Yeah.

1:54:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
No. Right.

1:54:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:54:25 - Unidentified Speaker
No.

1:54:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's all the same.

1:54:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, that's We're going to be able to beat the Math Academy engine as soon as we can. Awesome. And we're going to be able to beat it and move way beyond what they're doing. So yes, we'll add more. Concept. They, their design goal now is different than ours. They're moving older for people who are trying to do it for career because they don't want to solve the motivation problem. And you know, there's this very, and there's this GT code and just a different design space. And so love their leaderboards. Yep. Yes. Great.

1:55:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So back to ...

1:55:40 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

1:55:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Correct. No, we absolutely want ... Back to ...

1:55:50 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
one of the projects, and I don't know if anybody's working on it is the motivational module for Time Back. And it's absolutely that, right? Which is, there's, what are the motivations we're gonna have? And there's all these various ones, which is, some are just like, okay, you get, you do enough XP, you get money or whatever, Robux or Emporium money. But it's also, here's our Math Academy leaderboard, right? Because they have a great framework of how you promote leaderboard small, but they have the leagues and all that stuff. It's super motivation. Our kids love it. Like our alpha high kids love the leaderboards, the Math Academy leaderboards.

1:56:38 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I was at a party this weekend, because I visited SF to see my friends. And I met someone, a parent, and I was asking them about their kids. They live in Nile Park. Yeah. And I was like, oh, yeah, we don't need private school, because, you know, other schools couldn't help. But the dad, like, once I started He asked me where I work, and I said Alpha, and he was obsessed with Alpha. And he's like, I can't wait until you guys open a school in South Bay. Because I told him we might open one at SF. He's like, oh no, that's too far.

1:57:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And he's Read the GT Dad's paper.

1:57:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
OK, Read it, yeah. Yeah, and I feel like he knows almost as much or more than I do about Alpha.

1:57:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
He's just obsessed.

1:57:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And then we're talking about how there's so many kids who are either autistic or ADHD-inhibited.

1:57:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, no, this is all and so You know, we're gonna when we open up I mean we are now that we're back to our whole market Our marketing job is to go educate all these parents because they don't know. And then they Read this shit and they're like, Oh my God. And even when it's like not even correct, it's directionally correct. You're like, it's still better than nothing. Right. And it causes just endless controversy because people have such strong things. So, I mean, this is going to be, you know, I mean the alpha stuff, like I got a call from one of our kids who's an intern, right? And she's just like, my bosses were talking about alpha. And they didn't know I went because she's in a college. And she's like, I told them I went to alpha. And literally, like, I'm now like the number one intern, because they think all the leaders of the company sat down and grilled me for three hours about what Alpha's like and how they can get one year and all those things. And that people are obsessed with it. Like, it's just crazy obsessed. And so, you know, we definitely have the hype. And back to what our whole marketing slogan is, we educate parents. We have to generate content to get it out. And so this Time Back website where it's all the learning science, the product marketing, right? We have to use it where they can go Read and be like, like, because they all like you Read, they're like, oh, they're not using AI. I'm like, oh, my God, we're not using chatbots, you dipshit. And chatbots are stupid. Do not use them. And if that's what you think AI is, I understand why you think that. That's fine. Then that's really bad. Right? And here's what you have to think instead.

1:59:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:59:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And oh, you need learning science. And this is why it's obvious. So we have to educate them all. And then we have to give people the chance to experience it. No, our Fort Worth, we had our Fort Worth Shadow Day, and we generally assume, oh, for conversion rate. We had our Fort Worth Shadow Day, 100% conversion to sign up. So every kid who went on it. Now, there's one asterisk. One of the Fort Worth Shadow Days said, I'll go to the Plano one, because I live right there. And so we haven't officially got them, because we haven't opened Plano yet. But literally, our convert rate of we send people to an info session, 50% of the people. So McKinsey, if you look at our dashboard, we basically put 100 people. She sends out a note on her Instagram. I'm coming to Folsom. I'm coming to Orange County. 100 people sign up for the info session. 50 people sign up for a shadow day. And then our expectation was 25 sign up for the school. Now, what's actually happening We just did Fort Worth, so we'll see the data, but people are on vacation, so we can't have one shadow day of 50, so we're having two shadow days of 25, because people are on vacation. And literally the first shadow day of 25, 100% closed and filled the whole school. And people are like, holy shit, I can't go on vacation then. I need to get into the first shadow day, right? And so, Uh, anyway, so we think this is going to be, this will be good. Um, that our whole goal was fill a school in six months. We think we're going to fill schools in six weeks.

2:01:48 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And so that'll be super powerful.

2:01:50 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
One more thing, did dad just share that he puts both of his kids $2 per week through services and math academy? The things the kids love the most about Synthesis, and the older is in math academy and the younger is in synthesis, they're like five and eight. The older one is just jealous of the fact that Synthesis pronounces her name right. They don't do that in math academy. And she spends every week changing her username like five to eight times. And the dad's constantly looking at her like, stop it. You can't waste your time doing this stuff. But I think a big motivation thing is just letting the kids personalize the stuff for themselves, that's all.

2:02:29 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So one of the things that I really do believe, and it was talked about last week, which is Version 2, not by August 1, but Version 2 needs to have an avatar, an AI-generated avatar, personalized, that does not do any academic coaching, it is not fucking Socratic tutor, it is none of that. It is, you can't type, right? You can talk to it, right? And it gives you coaching and is your friend or not your friend. So you can like middle school boys, we were talking like alpha middle school boys are like, I want Genghis Khan to yell at me. Stop cheating, stop skipping. Stop screwing around. Your waist is 50%. Get back to it, right? Or it can be anybody. It can be Mother Teresa coaching you or whatever. But personalizing avatars, right, to give you what our anti-pattern coaching is, I think is super. And having them be able to juice it up, right? Dress it up, right? Adorn it. Skinify it. Fortnite, all those kind of things, I think is a great add-on to your point of personalization and those kind of things. Oh, you crushed your lessons, you moved up the leaderboard, you get whatever, whatever custom skin for your avatar, right? And things like that. I think that's a huge motivational play, but we can't turn it into the ChatGPT bots. But yes, personalization. No, Victoria, we have proven that. I mean, that is the number one thing that you just look at our results is we obviously have proven that if you focus on motivation, you can get every kid. Right. And it is a hack. Right. And but you also realize every kid, you say every kid, you need a lot of motivations. You can't, there's not just a cookie cutter. It's not just money, or it's not just time back or it's not just video game right every kid is different right I want to work on my but doesn't know about Time Back, is this like a tool that we need to show to somebody? Yeah, so right now we should think, this is a, the goal of the Time Back website for August is to collect names into a mailing list and educate people. And so. Here, let me send you a... There's two links that you can, there's two workflowy links in there. But the framework, work of what we want is I'm going to go out and do some podcasts. And at the podcast, you're like, well, what should I how do I learn more? And we're like, Oh, go to the time back website. And then if they're going to the time back website, it's to educate them on what it's going to be. And so back to the ICPs, you're a parent, right? We basically have three choices for you, right? And this is in the work, Chloe, but for parents, do you wanna go to a Time Back school? And you're like, oh, go to Sports Academy, that's powered by Time Back. Oh, go to Alpha, go to GT school, right? And so you'll have these Time Back powered schools, right? Sort of like right now, in the two-hour learning website, it has some at the bottom, right? But I'm a parent and I want to go to a time-back school. Number two, I'm a parent, I want homeschool, right? And so I want to homeschool my kid. Now, we don't have the homeschool ready, right? But we're going to, so I want to collect your name and put you on the mailing list so that we'll be ready. The third is after-school tutoring. Which is our whole tournaments and tutoring program we're doing, right? We're gonna have the video game and all that stuff. So I wanna collect your name if you want after school tutoring. And as a parent, you're like, oh, okay, those are the three ways I can use it. Then, oh, wait, I'm a private school, or I'm a school, public or private. I wanna use it. Can I have, right? I'm St. Andrews. Can I buy two hour learning for my school? Or, oh, wow, I heard about this podcast, can I use it in my public school? And we have the public school team. Then the next one is, I'm an entrepreneur. I heard him talking about these guys building Sports Academy, Texas Sports Academy. I wanna go build a music school, right? And you're like, click here and right, we'll then help you, we'll sell you two hour learning for your school. The branding experts of the world said two-hour learning is a bad brand to have and Time Back would be a lot better. It's more brandable as a name. And you build more emotion and all this other stuff around it. And so then, so then are you an entrepreneur? Are you a government who wants to bring it to your country? We get, we have so much international demand now. And so do you want sovereign education, sort of sovereign AI, train one up for your, uh, That's when we've talked about building our own LLM. That would be that. And then finally, are you a philanthropist who wants to give tuition supplements or scholarships for kids who want to go to type X schools? We're creating a big fund for those kids as well. So you can come in here and you're like, ah, who am I? And then you can sign up. And then, so there's that part where I can educate on what's coming and like, You know we want to have for Right other things back to that list. We're trying to get you guys to get done. We want to show Like the video game Right we want to be able to show the video game where you can just download and play it right for fun Right and say coming soon right the beta version right and You're gonna be able to download and this will be part of your homeschool, and we could have one grade level or whatever in there to give people a taste of, holy cow, my kids can learn fast math by playing a video game. And you're like, oh, OK. Or we'll have a link to TeachTales, where you can start to see a flavor of it. Hopefully, third grade math academy our incept-based math is available. And so we're going to give everybody, you know, samples of the product where they can educate themselves. And anything we have ready to release, we should release, right? But it's mostly whatever we got, we're going with, because we can say coming soon. And then we have this whole section on learning science and the product education.

2:12:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
of what the product will be.

2:12:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I guess I would measure two parties. How I would measure success is time on site engagement and convert rate. The two things that you'd want is I want people to come aboard and be like, oh my God, I Read about this learning science, I engaged in it, I went down the whole parent hole But yeah, then I gave my name because I was compelled, right? That's sort of like, was your content good enough to get them to give up their email address, right?

2:13:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:13:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It seems like to me, what I would try to optimize for would be like, take the attention, like someone watches you on Chris Williamson, they're like, oh my God, this is awesome. I would put like a questionnaire on the site where it's like, Aaron Sovereign. Okay, so here, how about this?

2:13:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
When they come to the site to unlock they have to give you your email. Do you want that? And then they unlock all the information behind it.

2:14:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
If that, you know, everyone is coming to the site is coming from like a three hour podcast. Eventually, we will have people who are not like super invested, we'll end up on time back. That was like annoying.

2:14:25 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Whenever you force the emails, you just a lot of shootings. But right versus you're just trying to I'm trying to collect emails, you can get them but what's the quality versus I Read all the site I had lots of time on site and then I gave my email up. It's going to be a lot more qualified. Right. And and so in general, my design would be as I'm not look, we don't need a zillion customers, because of our price points.

2:15:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
We need engaged people.

2:15:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right. And so in general, my mechanism is, I need an educated parent. Because that's the only person who's ever going to buy my shit. And so I want to write like, if you're not going to come to an info session, you're not going to sign up for the school. If you don't go to a shadow day, you're not going to come to the school, right? And so I, I, I need to get the people who are willing to put the time in and engage. And if I'm forcing you to give me stuff versus you voluntarily, now that doesn't mean like if there's something really cool, like a lead magnet, I'm totally a board. Like, Yeah, you want to play the video game? Give me your frickin name. Right? But you get to download the one, you know. But, but I wouldn't solely optimize on we had a podcast get all the names. Because back to there's tons of people in educate or who are going to be interested that aren't prospects.

2:16:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:16:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Educate, you know, we want people to self-select in because they're a founding family like we qualify hard Right as part of our process Like think of the astral codex, you know article how many of the people who are commenting do you actually want as emails? Right as you go through it you're like all these people like fucking don't go to our website Right, that we're, Astral Codex is doing a good job, magnet, attracting and repelling, right? And, you know, there's gonna be a lot of people who come to the Timeback website and will be repelled. I don't need them in the email list versus, right, those who are attractive. I have a problem selling Timeback.

2:17:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
We're coming soon and so we just you're getting on the mailing list so when we release it You'll be ready.

2:17:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You'll be the first guy to get time Right, but it'll be time back right the homeschool version or we're gonna have these apps, right, but it's not gonna be We're not selling the schools now we have a link if you want to go Oh, look at all these schools using it. Just like when you go to Intel, they're like, oh, here's my HP and Dell computer site, right?

2:17:54 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
You can go do it, but it's Intel is the engine.

2:18:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
This learning engine, the key to changing education is getting my kid to crush academics in two hours a day. If you don't believe that you're gonna go to any school when you think about tech diff right and this is like all the AI slot bullshit around education right well why don't you just use chat GPT right and if you don't come and come to the time back website and get educated on all our shit you're like I'm gonna use Excel and ChatGPT. And anybody who runs a school, it's like Acton Academy, right? They have 300 schools, right? And you're like, oh, well, they use apps, right? And we have to create the brand around Time Backup. We have this awesome engine platform that no one else has, right? There's gonna be how many schools are gonna be started or micro schools are gonna be out there for Texas ESAs. Yeah, next year. No, I'm saying competitors. A zillion, right? The primers and the, who was the guy I was talking to who's not happy with it? What? Yeah, Kipods and there's all these ones, right? Moonrise, Moonrise guy, now Recess GG, right? Everybody. Synthesis, right? All these people are gonna be saying, I have these apps, start a micro school, right? And you're like, why are you gonna frickin' go to an, why are you gonna go to an alpha, right? Or why are you gonna go to a time back school? We have to create the brand that this learning The learning engine is better than anybody else's learning engine. And you can't just use ChatGPT. You can't just use these apps that are out there. If you just give your kid fucking synthesis, they're not gonna fucking learn math. Right? Most kids given math academy don't learn math if they're young. The older kids do fine. If they're GT, they do fine. Our app is for all the kids. They crush it two hours a day. That's what I need. We need to create that brand Right because no one is out there saying you can crush academics in two hours a day. We need to capture that mind space That's such valuable mind space Because then once you have that then all of a sudden every school is going to say they want it. Because parents are going to be like, why would I send my kid to a school with six hour learning? But you have to have enough bravitas and explanation and content of why you're better than Khan Academy. Because Khan is free. So how are you different? And that is what Time Back, the website, has to express. Time Back has to be the high-end learning brand. Alpha is the high-end school. It is the most talked-about school in the country. Right? The highest end, right? Nobody's getting more, oh my god, let's talk about the school press, right? But it's about the school. We need to have the software platform that's going to power for a billion kids. We need the same thing. Because everybody, as soon as all the ed tech guys are going to say, All the LLM guys are, right? The new version of ChatGPT. Have you guys seen it? Study with a friend. I don't know if you guys have that yet. Right? Claude for education. Google's LearnLM. Those are all free. 20 bucks a month, free to 20 bucks a month. How are we any different? You use AI, so do we. We're ChatGPT. Right? And if we don't establish ourselves as massively better and different, what do we have?

2:22:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right here, I have a question for you. This is a huge, great strategic question.

2:23:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You guys can vote on this. You have two choices. You can fund a business, you can fund A or B. You can fund time back, or you can fund alpha. Where do you want to put all your money on the tech stack or on the physical school? Pardon? Right? Right? Picking one, right? One is a...

2:23:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Here's the difference.

2:23:48 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I think it's two different things, which is alpha has a very good chance in 12 to 18 months to be seen as Stanford of K through 12. And what do you believe if that's true nationwide, right? We have 25 schools open by this December, right? And then you have to basically have 100 cities to be Stanford, right? And so you have to be seen as there's going to be an alpha in 100 cities to sort of own that brand, right? Because then you'll have crushed every individual high-end private school in the country, right? And you're like, oh, the high-end private schools out, right? What is the value of a nationwide high-end private school that's seen as Stanford of K through 12? And so, right, you can do the numbers, but well, how much do you think Stanford's worth? 100 billion. It has a $40 billion endowment, $100 plus billion, right? Is K through 12 a better market than that? You have more students at the same or higher tuition. Right? So, great. It's because the problem is Stanford, right? Owning K through 12 is like owning all the Ivy League, not just one school, right? Because where do they all come from

2:25:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:25:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And so, and then the second question you have to have, so the market is big, right? Everybody thinks school aren't big, you're like, there are 50, sorry, there's 1 million people who can afford $50,000 tuitions. So you're right, your total available market is $50 billion for K through 12. And so market wise, right, that's obviously a mammoth opportunity. You know, if you run 20% margins, that's $10 billion of profit. Do you want to give it a 20 PE if you're growing? 20 times $10 billion, $200 billion value, right? And so it's this huge, physical schools, physical private schools are a huge market that everybody's ignored, right? That alpha, and the question is, how many companies do you believe in the next three years are gonna try to compete with Alpha at the high end as a nationwide string of private schools. Very few. Nobody wants to fucking do it. It's like building Amazon's delivery network. Nobody loves to do physical shit. Now, how many competitors is fucking Time Back gonna have? One, a hundred, a thousand? And how big are they? OpenAI? Anthropic? Google? Like the smallest companies on the fucking planet? Nobody's? Well, you're gonna have like a thousand of those too, right? You're literally going to have to attack, every AI company is gonna say, I do that, right? ChatGPT is your competitor. It's why we're going after chatbots today, because we have to crush them Now. Right? I mean, you're gonna have a billion competitors now. Doesn't mean we fucking aren't gonna win, but it's gonna be, you know, XAI is gonna fucking come after us, right? And they're gonna put a fucking video game front end on it. Right? And so it's just the thing you get with software is you get massive scale, massively better economics, and eight billion competitors. And so it's just how good are you, right? How good is your execution? Are your first mover good enough to get there? Do you get brand value, right? All those kinds of things. Can you establish yourself? And it's just, it's a bigger potential upside, but bigger risk.

2:28:44 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I believe owning the physical schools, right, help kickstart time back.

2:28:52 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
The fact that 25,000 kids next summer are going to be on it. The fact that Alpha Sports Academy is going to fucking win too, right? And so we're going to have Sports Academy, we're going to have Alpha, and we're going to have GT School. And so if all the best school chains use Time Back, then yes, that's a huge endorsement. Now, it's not enough. You got to get all the other schools. You got to get other people. You got to get homeschool work in. But that's why we It's hard to know strategically today what are the points of strategic leverage, because it depends on what other people do. And so you can guess, but you never know, right? Like here's a really good one. Let's just go through this exercise. Would you rather be open AI with chat GPT that It dominates consumer, right? It dominates consumer. And who would have thought OpenAI was gonna be a consumer company a few years ago, okay? Like, that was a random lucky thing that was not in their strategy to be a consumer company at all. But shit, oh, right, shit happens. So just like, that's a good example of like, you can't guess. But now where they are, or would you rather be fucking owns B2B, right? Anthropic's gone from a billion to four billion in like six months. It's just like crushing how fast it's growing. And it has 1% of ChatGPT's consumer market awareness. Nobody downloads the Claude app. No one even knows who fucking Claude is, unless you're a coder. But if you're a coder, right, they are $200 for Claude Max, right? Yeah, it's Claude Max? $20 for Chat GPT, right? And so, which of those two? You can have B2B, you can be enthropic, or you can be Chat GPT. And the problem is, it just depends. Does Claude stay the best coding agent? Coding model? Or does Grok 4?

2:31:35 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
By the way, guys.

2:32:58 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And obviously, they want to do it because they want to do education, too. Time Back's going to have a ton of competitors. There's a lot of the reasons. So a lot of our strategy around it, why do we decide it? Why did we pick open one ed tech as the standard? We picked one ed tech because that will allow us to get all the public schools and the research institutions, like Stanford and Harvard, to endorse it. Right? And you know who's not going to do that? Google and Anthropic and OpenAI. Right? We're going to be vertically integrated with schools. Right? Where you're like, okay, even though it's a crappy standard, you're like, we got it. Right? And so when you look at the platform, why we picked those pieces is we're like, okay, this is enough. Right? There's enough differentiation here that if you're a school, you're like, okay, I can't just use ChatGPT. Right? And Incept is going to generate better quality content for a school than ChatGPT is. Right? And then you're going to have our learning apps on it. Anyway, all these different choices. And, you know, we'll have our whole set of video games on top of it, right, where kids are using it at home and right. Anyway, just building that whole ecosystem. And there is things that are first mover advantage. Once we have your knowledge graph in our system, are you really going to want to switch when you talk about context? Who owns context owns AI? Okay, I got every fucking thing Right? And I, you know, I have the whole structure of common core in it. Chat GPT doesn't have that, right? They have some Socratic questions about the answer, right? We have your total knowledge graph, right?

2:35:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
All those kinds of things.

2:35:05 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So anyway, so we're obviously going to, you know, I obviously think I'm going to win, but you know, it is not obvious looking today. Which will be a bigger winner? Alpha or Time Back? Or would you say, what about this? Would you pick the collection of physical schools or Time Back? Like Sports Academy and GT School and Alpha, right? Just a physical school play or the software play, right? And this is a, it's, You know? Well, I'm doing it all. One of the things about having shit tons of capital and lots of bullshit is you're like, fuck it, just do it all. And then sort of figure out what's working and scale down when things aren't working, do less of that, right? But yeah, you're like, what is, you know?

2:36:09 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But on like the Alpha brand being the high-end brand, instead of going to 100 cities, why isn't it sinking?

2:36:24 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Put it in the top 10 metros, it doesn't have a bigger office. Growing a school in a city, you want to be able to grow it at a measured pace. You don't wanna open up a thousand person school in the city, because you fuck the culture up, right? And so a school that goes 50, sorry, 25, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1,000 is infinitely better than a school that's where you try to do 1,000. If you wanted to look at a comparison, there's a school called Avenues, who tried to build the high-end nationwide one, failed miserably. This is why Guideposts went bankrupt. It still exists except Chicago, Miami, all the They have New York. Yeah, they have a couple of sites. And the problem is the math, the business model innovation we're doing with our schools, which is only possible because of time back, is we do micro schools up, which allows us to build culture and be selective. The problem is I have to fill 1,000 person 10% of the market is adverse selection. The worst kids are always, the worst 10% of kids are always looking for a new school. And you want to be able to say no to them. And if you have to fill 1,000 person school, you say yes to them. And then as soon as you accept them, you're screwed. And that's what happened to Avenues. And it happens to anybody who has to fill, because once you get a lease on 1,000 person school, you have to fill it.

2:38:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And so you get into a death spiral.

2:38:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And so that's why we're always about, gotta fill a school in six months, six weeks, we're gonna have a 200 person waiting list, right? And it's create demand where you get to be selected.

2:38:42 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
When I think of 100 cities, it's like, all right, maybe there's gonna be Alpha, Gary, Indiana.

2:38:48 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And on the other hand, it's like the Zeitgeist is really influenced by like, But we're gonna own those but we're gonna own Dan Francisco, New York Paul Alto and when we say a hundred cities Paul Alto and and are separate right and Orange County and downtown LA so We're gonna own a hundred metrics, right One the reason I'm going on this podcast Monday is to own I haven't done a podcast in 20 years. I'm like, I have to own New York. Invest like the best owns New York. Got to do it. Right.

2:39:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And so all this learning science stuff, which is not McKinsey's world, is going to own Dan Francisco.

2:39:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yes. Yes.

2:39:41 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, so back to brand ambassadors.

2:39:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I'm going to be the software learning science guy, because that's incredible. And more importantly, the target market cares, right? McKinsey's, right? Decisions for physical schools are made by moms, and they don't actually want to listen, right? And the dads are easy. And the dads will do the research on learning science, on the software. They're like, oh, wow, look at this. But the number one issue for moms is socialization, life skills, love my kid, high support. And that's what all you need to do to convert. And in most families, the mom makes the decision for the school. And that's the only place that's not true is GT immigrant families.

2:40:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But yeah, but that's what we want to do. And so we went back to the website, right?

2:40:56 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And whatever's done, right, whatever we have, we want to be able to sample and show. So I'm hoping that we will have time back ready go, download it, be able to do some math apps, some science, some language, reading, play some fast math video games, do the goals, the goals app. Oh my god, look at this. Have the kid take a assessment and you're like, holy shit, my kid's two years behind. And with time back, he can catch Coming soon in an after-school tournaments and tutoring program? Right, whatever we got, we'll package up and say, here we go, and then start releasing it as products, sort of shippable, downloadable products. And so that's the website goal and the big hype goal. The other practical goal is, I want all our school on it. So come August 11th, right, we need to have all the apps working.

2:42:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
August 11th, how many students you're gonna have?

2:42:29 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
100.

2:42:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
All right. What do you got today? 20?

2:42:51 - Unidentified Speaker
30?

2:42:54 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

2:42:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:42:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
$1,700 So they made a change what it was going to be five billion dollars and So they changed it to 1,700 bucks But unlimited And so can we get 10 million families? Yeah, no. And so there needs to be a viral hack for that. It's 2027, I think, though, so we have plenty of time. But I believe We need to get, this is where we need to own social. We need to get, like, this is the Fortnite game. The Fortnite guys are like, click here. And the bill is all very, the federal bill, it has to all be done at state level, right? And so you have to get the state level one. But what's whacked about it is somebody in another state can donate to the Texas because it's a federal deduction. And so you basically, the Fortnite guys are gonna be like, click here to send your friend a free $1,700 credit to play Fortnite. You know, all the fun gaming stuff. Right now it's a hassle for the parents, you know, they'll have to, you know, do some stuff, but you can basically you know, fun, you know, and so I think you could do 17 billion, right? 10 million people, 1700 bucks, you could get 17 billion in subsidies, right? And I believe a lot of that stuff would have to be for online after school stuff. And so it depends on whether your state allows it and all that, how they do all the wording, but it could be a, it's way more the way they set it up. But it could be, if you hack it, it could be just crazy to unlock stuff. The second one is they're allowed to keep 10% as your fee. And so you're like, holy shit, you could get a billion seven in fees on your 17 billion. I'm like, can I convince for a billion seven, can I convince 10 million families? To like, let their kid play an educational video game and get the credit somehow, right? And so anyway, so it's, it's a huge opportunity. But complicated, but totally Totally an area of educational innovation with unlimited money.

2:46:10 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's plenty of money, but it's, okay, how do I get people to do it?

2:46:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But you could set up social rings, right? Where everybody agrees to do it, right? And there's a rule like it has to give, and it depends on how the states, the federal level is, it has to be more than 10 people. Like the charity has to be more than 10. And it can't just be for one school. And it has to be more than 10 people. It grants, it has to grant scholarships to more than 10 people and not to one school. So you're like, okay, so we set up two video games, 20 people, and they all agree, and you basically are just, everybody knows they're funding each other, and so they'll all click and do it. Because you're guaranteed to get the 1,700 if you click and donate 1,700. Right? Yeah. The way I was thinking about it was more like, we could create like an SGO just for Texas or something and try and pump it up into TSA, but yeah. It can't be for one school. No, it could be time back school. Correct. No, but what do you have to do? You have, here's the problem. That's not the problem. The problem is how do you convince a parent to go through the pain in the ass on their tax form? Right. Cause it's, they give away 1700 and get 1700. It's a wash, but it's a pain in the ass. Right. And what do they get out of it? Nothing. I saved the world right now. If you're like, I'm guaranteed to get $1,700 for my kid if I do this. Oh. OK, well, that seems like I should do it then. Right? That's what I'm trying to work, that problem. The number of people who are going to do it just because, right?

2:48:18 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Because it's not going to be TurboTax.

2:48:22 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
click a button and stuff like that. Okay, so maybe if they have it or whatever.

2:48:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah, exactly, free, whatever.

2:48:32 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
But states have to do a bunch of rules, like what are the NGOs you can set up in a state, and how are they going to certify it, But, yeah.

2:48:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, I can see you.

2:48:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
The PSA is still in the job area, so I'm still looking for companies to respond to that. I'm not pushing it. I'm saying that this is a software. We can see that the federal PSA is setting itself as a non-profit, which is a great position. Oh great. Great. Awesome.

2:49:36 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Let's definitely do that. Five marketing. Here we go. All right, what else on the, any other, what do we have on the list? We have the video games. Is anybody working on a video game? For the end of the... A bunch of them. Awesome.

2:50:22 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Any questions or anything I can answer around?

2:50:33 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So we got the video games, how about the goals app? Can you ... Did Andy Montgomery send that out today? Today? Can someone just reply to Andy and just say, a new user takes minutes, like just to create the record?

2:51:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah, so we just replied.

2:51:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
and just let him know this, so he can look at it. I think Guy built this.

2:52:01 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I'm trying to think of who built it. Guy built it?

2:52:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:52:06 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Okay, so we should just get to Guy and be like, dude, what are you doing? Like, fix this. He should fix it, is the answer. So, you should just use the API with this limitation, and we need to tell Guy, fix it. That would be my, it will be part of it. Okay. So there's two parts. The podcast is on the 14th, but it will not be, it's being recorded. So it will not be published. So we have more time. We should just keep using for end of the month as our deadline.

2:53:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
End of July is our deadline to get Time Back website up and whatever we can have on it.

2:53:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

2:53:14 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Did ... Did Elle send the five requirements for Mr. Beast? She was just... But the answer is, even when you see these, it's yes, you should think, you know, as we talked about, it's gonna be challenges. You're trying to build a challenge app, right, that's gonna convince kids to contribute to their community. And how would you do that? Consumer social mobile app that every kid 100 million kids use every day. You want to build daily habits, right? We have the list of things that, I don't have them up, but Middle high school is what I, unless, and if there's some hard decision you're making, but you know, sort of his target starts in middle. Worldwide, but, And then the other part is you have to, as we talked about, you have to be able to put other influencers on. So we're going to build, one of the ways to think about it is, so we're going to build four or five of them, you guys are all building different ones, and then we're going presented to him so we've told him we're like look we're gonna build four or five in July and then we'll come up and show them to you and then you can decide which ones you like or I like this piece and this piece and this piece we can put one together or oh my god I just love that whole thing it's perfect whatever it is and so that's the that's what the next stage is at the end of of the month is, we'll just go show it to him. I'll forward it. Once again, keep this to us. Challenge. What would Mr. Beast call it besides a challenge app? Quests, that wasn't it. He used a different word. His team's like, no, call a challenge. I'm like, ah, he had a different word. Was more aggressive. Compete. Contest. Anyway, I'll. Let's go. Challenges, money.

2:58:03 - Unidentified Speaker
dare.

2:58:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
That was it.

2:58:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:58:10 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So anyway, um, there you guys go. So that's the doc.

2:58:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Um, The thing to think about, one of the things that has to be in it is, and we mentioned, you have to monetize it. Take a cut of some of the fees that people pay, the donations or whatever, because it has to be self-sufficient. This app has to break even, basically, and it costs a lot to run this app for 100 million people. Great challenges and stuff. But that's that's in the list.

2:59:09 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Let's see.

2:59:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, what else?

2:59:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
What other ones we got? We got the, how's the goals app?

2:59:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

2:59:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, great.

2:59:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Great.

2:59:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, back to the thing, you know, just back to painting the vision. So we're gonna be out talking on podcasts. We'll do Peter Tia's, right? And then the people are going to come to Time Back, and you sort of have these, you know, who are you? You're going to learn about learning science and the products, right? Education. And then, you know, depending on how good the product is, the quality, we can have them all sort of behind a beta framework. And it's like, here, Have your kid do an assessment and see where they are. Oh my God, they're two years behind, but oh look, do you want them to be top 1% or catch up to grade level? They could do it in this amount of time, right? And here are some lessons, right? Or you take an assessment and it's like, oh wow, you don't have fact fluency, the fastest way to, right? If you're in sixth grade and you don't, Fact fluency, play this video game. Have your kid play the video game. This is right. I just Read about the cognitive load. It's like, oh my God, I buy kids. Basically, I make them smarter if I memorize their multiplication tables. Right? So let me have them do that. Right? He's struggling in math. Then he's going to play a video game to do it. And then you see all the other, we'll have to see. I don't know if in two weeks we'll have Khan aboard, but you know, We'll have third through eighth grade math, science, language, reading, hopefully, right in there. We're working to get Math Academy in time back, where it's going to identify all the Yanny patterns, because our students use it. So we need it for storing. So we're using Vision to, watch it, save it out to the Timeback database. And so if you have that stuff sort of behind beta and then said here it's coming, right, and paint this picture, that should be ... And then hopefully we can start releasing them in August and September. Releasing individual products.

3:02:16 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Totally. Totally.

3:02:19 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
No, the concept, I mean, back to the video game stuff, right? That is a, the video, the other part is who's working on the motivational framework. Right? Like that motivational framework, right? Just having that where, you know, for parents to just, you sit there and you can even if it's just a screen, where they can activate screen time, right? Or video game credits, right? Robux or V-Bucks, right? Or Emporium, where they could just see what it is and be like, huh, I totally see how with these motivations my kid totally would learn, right?

3:03:12 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So, right?

3:03:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

3:03:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And it just helps paint the whole vision for these families, right? Coming in and like, Oh, I get all, all this stuff sounds so crazy, but then you're going to come and you'll be like, okay, I can see how kids in this model can learn 10 times faster. It's if you see all these parents reading the astral codex stuff, I mean, 99% of parents, when in a group, are like, oh, extrinsic motivation's bad. That is, right, the dinner party conversation. When you get into it, on the astral codex, you get the majority of people saying, okay, I totally would do this.

3:04:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Right?

3:04:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And so, we're gonna engage and sort of break all these taboos that everybody thinks we're going to educate them. I'm not sure.

3:04:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I want to have as few dependencies as I can on that one.

3:05:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Pull up what I was thinking there Yeah I got it. Who's doing 100 for 100?

3:05:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I'm just scrolling through this. Anybody?

3:05:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Did I see? Yes? Okay, so goals and then 100 for 100. Great. Motivational model? Dash? You guys got the TSA part? Do you have both parts? Okay. Buy marketing, a full marketing launch of Time Back, timeback.com, launch press, presentations, podcasts, and social. Podcasts, we're going to be, what is my content in the podcasts? Because we want to take that podcast content and get it onto the site. I was just thinking, what's the best way? Well, when it's released, we'll just take the transcript or the video highlights of it. God, I wonder if it's worthwhile doing a practice podcast before Monday.

3:07:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Do you guys have good questions?

3:07:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Sure, let's try to Let's try to record one. Do you guys have a little podcast place?

3:07:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
What?

3:07:30 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Let's practice and see.

3:07:32 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I don't want to post it before I do Invest Like the Best, though. I want them to be able to be first. But we'll, yeah, let's do it. Do we want to do it at Alpha's podcast, at the Future of Education podcast place, or do you guys have one yeah laugh your footage okay so let's um yeah let's schedule that how about why don't you guys come up with a set of questions that you want to ask and send them to me and then that'll help me think if I need to come up with what the yeah yeah we'll get it we'll get you the We'll get to that, which is the... Yeah, because... Yeah, because here's my call to action Here's a here's content that needs to be on it on the website. So I forgot this weekend. I was working on this Here's the call to action out of the podcast so at the end like these things are like an hour and a half His his podcasts are long so At the end of it, here's what I want which is parents If you're a parent listening to this, you're the bottleneck to reforming education. You're the bottleneck because you want to educate your kid the way you were educated. Everybody does. I was, 10 years ago, I'll tell the story about how 10 years ago it took McKenzie two years to convince me. And so here is, if I could solve, if I was granted a wish to solve education in America, I would want every parent to believe three things that today they don't believe. And if I had them just, if I waved a magic wand and every parent believed these three things, we would fix education in America. The first is that your kids should love school, like love it more. Right? And you should expect that. I mean, if you're sending your kid to a private school, and we're in New York, and you're spending $40,000, $50,000, $75,000, and your kid doesn't think it's Disneyland every day, doesn't love school, what's going on? Your kid should love school. Number two, your kid can crush, and I mean crush, academics in two hours a day. Right? Believe that you do not need to sit them in school for six hours a day and homework it doesn't you can crush them top 1% right the best in the country three the key to your kids happiness is high standards and you want to send them to an environment where the teachers got and the community are all about high standards, high support. You need both. And every parent already agrees with high support, so I don't have to wave a magic wand. But the high standards is why the kids love school. They love doing hard things with their friends and accomplishing awesome stuff. Kids want to be awesome, and you want to put them in an environment where they Kennedy. And that's not just academic awesomeness, it's all the life skills. But if every parent believed those three things, you'd fix education, but no parent today believes any of those.

3:11:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

3:11:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And that's so I, I'm here telling you all this. Now you have to go educate yourself. And so you're going to be able to go at the bottom of this podcast, right? You're going to see three links. The first link is McKinsey's Future of Education Instagram. And that's for love of school. Just every day she just sends stuff out about how kids love school every day. And they're doing crazy cool stuff and the kids love it. And if you watch it long enough, you're like, I want that for my kid, right? And that's going to get you the love of school. The second is all about my kid can crush academics in two hours. A day. And there's a link to Time Back. And in the Time Back link, it's all the learning science, right? It's all the information that shows how this is possible, those stories I told, and mastery, and Sigma to Sigma, and learning, and you know, all that. And then the third is a link to DR. 10 to 25, right? The key to motivating your kid, right? One of the top educational psychologists, child psychologists in the world, right? Read his book. And if you Read his book, you're gonna be like, ah, I want high standards for my kid. And I need that to put him in a school. So go Read those three things. Educate yourself, and then if every parent who's listening does that, that's going to drive demand for time back for schools like Alpha, schools like Sports Academy, schools like GG School, all these great schools, which we need parents to demand those schools so you actually can open them, right? We have supply. We need demand from the parents. And all of you listening, Don't be like me that took two years to do this, right? Your kid will thank you the faster you get him in this.

3:14:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
And so that's the call to action out of the podcast. Exactly. Exactly. Right.

3:14:11 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And they'll get immersed in it and be like, okay, this time back thing is right either. Because the other part is, like on a private school, right? You can say, I want my private school to you to do time back, like on the website. And so we literally, you type it, your private school, and we're gonna ping the private school and be like, you have a bunch of fucking customers who want it. So Horace Mann, right? A bunch of them are coming to Alpha, but the ones who are remaining, they want time back. Back to the ICP part where they're identifying and we're capturing them. So there's two parts. There's the, okay, I'm coming in to just be educated on the learning science and my kids can crush academics in two hours a day. And you're like, got it. Oh my God, I can, right? And, you know, and when you come in to time back, it's literally, my kid can crush academics in two hours a day. That is our slogan and our tagline, right? That is what we need every parent to believe. And then the other parts that are going to be part of this podcast that aren't Well, I guess they will for the entrepreneur part of Time Back. But we're going to talk about the business of education. It's an investing conference, right? It's an investing one. The other two, I won't. But for his, it'll be about just like the economics. Everybody thinks nonprofits or schools should be nonprofits. And so we have a great little part about there, which is, you know, everybody believes, and I've been lectured to incessantly, that all schools should be nonprofits. And it's actually interesting now that I've been in it for a little while, which is, I absolutely believe there should be nonprofits that fund tuitions, right? Tuition supplement, scholarships for kids, for school, especially, do school models, right, that can really change things. Completely agree with that, and there should be a ton of nonprofits. What I don't understand, and I'm still confused, and maybe some people in this audience can help educate me, why does the legal entity of the school need to be a nonprofit? Because I've been coached like crazy that the legal entity of the school needs to be a nonprofit. And I don't get that because, first off, these schools aren't non-profit. I mean, technically they are, but have you Read the 990s of Horace Mann and Dalton, all these private schools in New York? They make a shitload of surplus, which, like, wasn't a non-profit, would be called profit. And they take that surplus and create huge endowment, right? And they're just piling up tens of millions of dollars every year in this quote non-profit. And so I'm like, and why, how is that good? Right? How's that better than just having a for-profit, except you don't pay taxes on piling up the money into the endowment. How's that good for society? What is that buying? And second, Just personally, what I've been coached by is parents who go to these high-end private schools that are non-profit. They're like, well, Joe, you can charge lower tuition because I have to pay taxes on tuitions, but then you can raise donations from me, right, and I don't pay So basically the reason I'm being lectured that I need this physical, I need a school to be a non-profit is so that rich people can avoid taxes. Like literally I don't see any other reason except it's this tax avoidance scheme for rich people. And like, but other than, but oh my God, for profit is unethical. I absolutely don't understand it, but I'm new in the space and so if there's anybody in the audience who can educate me, I would love to understand it, because that's how I see it, is those two things. So there are a set of for profits that are scam bills in that they make money and deliver bad education. There's also an infinite number of non-profits that deliver the shittiest fucking education I've ever seen.

3:20:13 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
There are non-profits that deliver high quality education and nobody can give a great example of a for-profit that delivers high quality education. Maybe that'll be helpful. Right, right, but I'm the stack rank. I agree.

3:20:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I don't want to fight the thing but the Our educational system, our non-profit, we have a set of non-profits that are good. The Ivy League. We have a much bigger set of non-profits that deliver shit education. We have a set of for-profits that deliver shit education. And so, but back to sample size, there's this view of, right, to your point, it's unethical, and I'm like, the nonprofit for donations for tuition supplements, completely agree. But nonprofit for the legal entity of a school, for tax avoidance, for tuition tax avoidance, and endowment laundering, right, profit, surplus laundering seems completely wrong, right? And so we're, it'll be interesting to discuss, it's a good edgy discussion anyway. It reverses the, because really no one's ever actually, the average person hasn't thought of that. Like I got lectured at a discussion by someone on the board of Khan, who's literally just like doing anything for profit And there's a view there. And I'm just like, that can't be true. Because there's a lot of nonprofit shit that's unethical. So you got to have some balance. And I believe to get the talent you need to fix education, you need for profit. You can't just recruit people who are doing things to save the world. Right? It's just it's you can't do it.

3:22:47 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Again, Meyer article. Obviously, here we all know that you're tying in the full stack of technology and schools, but Meyer's criticism was that there's an obvious conflict of interest if you're selling the software and the same people are selling the software. I guess that's another PR minefield that you have to have. Explain that to me. It's like we had these applications in Arizona and Pennsylvania, and the Pennsylvania one, while the criticism was that Meyer is that, you know, like Kenzie Price and others are named as executives for Learning, and they're also a vendor. Yes. So that's like something that will probably pick up as soon as you go on this podcast to talk about that.

3:23:31 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so that's and the for profit. Yeah. And so one of the things that we're going to talk about with time back is that that I am going to address is I don't believe will be going into public schools for a decade or two.

3:23:51 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Sure, that's fine.

3:23:53 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Right, but one of the things, you know, back to addressing the whole public school stuff, which is, I actually have a strong point of view that what public schools should do is they should adopt a much more rigorous science-based approach to adoption of new educational philosophies or technologies. And so when I look at this model, I cannot imagine this being adopted in less than a decade at public schools. Like I can't just envision this at all, right? Like I'm gonna be doing this the next 20 years and I by the end of 20 years, public schools will start to adopt it. But I think the model public schools should do is much more like the pharmaceuticals, where you have to spend a billion dollars to get a drug approved. I believe that should be the model for ed tech and AI in public schools, that you need years of randomized controlled trials, right? And, you know, spend real money, spend a billion dollars like we do with pharmaceuticals, to make sure this shit works, rather than just this, hey, let's just let fucking anything happen. And so that's my belief. And who knows if it is, but when I look at this, you know, if I was superintendent of a school district, am I implementing time back? Okay, like, okay, give me, you know, it's really great at schools, knock your brains out. But we're not instituting that at LA for half a million kids anytime soon. Right? If they want to, we'll be there. But right. And so we're very much gonna show that because the view that you absolutely have a conflict, which is yes, In order to design a school, right, you want the technology as part of it if the technology is essential. Like, I would not, if I wasn't controlling both the tech and the school, which they say is bad for a charter school, I'm like, it's essential for a private school, right? And so you can't start if I don't own the tech and the school, right? It's one of the reasons why it's hard to innovate in public with public school models, because they're like, wait, there can't be a conflict of interest, right? And you're like, well, that's the only way you can design it. Yeah, we just got rejected again, so I don't, I mean, we're one in 10, so whether we want to or not, we are being designed out of charter schools.

3:27:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

3:27:00 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
We're just right. Texas is the easiest fucking state on the planet, except for Arizona. And we didn't get it. So I believe that, you know. You know, McKinsey sits and says shit that gets her half a million Twitter followers and everybody an alpha to be the best. Everybody's fucking talking about it. She says a shame shit. To a charter board and they're like, fuck you.

3:27:25 - Unidentified Speaker
And you're like, okay.

3:27:27 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And then we kept saying it and they keep saying it. And we're like, okay, we get the message. You don't want us. Right. And so, you know, back to the same market, there's a $50 billion private school market. Let's just go get that. There's an ESA market that's opening up. That'll be another 20 or 30 billion. Right. And so let's just go after the markets where we can and just wait for a charter or public, you know. No, I debated not even putting public on the website when we talked about time back, but I want to show people if they want it, we'll sell it to them, but, right? I mean, seriously, if any of you were superintendent of a school district, like I don't, right? I, back to, I have a different, If you put me in charge of a public school or superintendent of a district, I do not know how I'd fix it. I think it's a fucking impossible problem. I do not know how to fix the public school system. I think it's a really, really, really hard problem. And I don't believe our system is it. Back to selection effects. We select. Parents who want their kids to love school, who want to learn twice as much in two hours and want to learn life skills. And if you don't want that, you don't come, right? A public school has to have, has parents who don't want that. And so what do you do?

3:29:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

3:29:10 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You just, you haven't, Back to product management, you have to create an ideal customer profile, figure out what they need, and build the product for what they need. And when the needs are literally diametrically opposed by big user bases, you can't. The solution in product management is to have two different products. But in public school, you can't. And instead, you just have blah, right? No, it's like your sports academy, right? Your product is so much better now that you've said, at first it was sports. Now you're like, fuck you, D1, D1 sports, right? You narrow it to make it better, right? And the less narrow, right, the more holistic, the worse, right? And so, and Publix by definition is the more holistic worst. Well, just Read Tracing Woodgrains on Twitter. If any of you haven't Read it, Read Tracing Woodgrains on Twitter. He is in it, right? And he's like an alpha shell. He loves us. But man, is he getting just crushed because he cares about academic standards in public schools, right? And that guy, I feel sorry for him because he just gets played seven by 24 about how wrong that is. I mean, they're like, that is literally the opposite of what we want to do with publishers, is have tracking and gifted programs and all of that, right? And if you're the head of a public school, half your customers are like, tracking is unethical and immoral. And the other half is, if you don't do tracking, it's unethical and and they're very passionate about it. And so what do you do? Right? In my world, I'm like, well, just create a GT school and have all those people go over there.

3:31:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

3:31:17 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
But in public school, it's literally in the same school. So. Yeah. But that's, that's the opposite of track.

3:31:26 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Yeah. They're saying no tracking and just, have everybody, and some people are like, there's people who absolutely strongly believe the problem with smart people is they fucking are too smart, and they need to just learn socialization skills, so they should just teach the dumber kids, right, or the behind kids, or whatever it's called, right? They're not dumb, they're behind, right? But that's what they should do, that's best for the kid and the community.

3:31:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

3:31:59 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And then there's other people who are like, all that's the worst thing in the world. You know, and what do you do? Right? I can solve that problem. She teach school, send them there. I'm in charge of the local public school here. I'm like, God, I'm fucked. So no, it's an impossible job.

3:32:23 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
All schools, back to selection effects, every school is a selection effect.

3:32:37 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Where you live in public schools is a selection effect. If you choose to go to a charter, that's a selection effect. If you choose to go to a private school, it's a selection effect. Everything in a school is a selection effect. And you just have to decide, OK, well, what do you want to do about it? It's a platitude or a truism. Everything is. I chose to live here. And I knew that was the school my kid would go to, even in public school. So I chose not to send my kid to the charter school, or I did chose to send him. And the clearer you broadcast your message of what you are, the more selection effect you get. I'm Lhasa magnet here in Austin, right? It's you get selection effects who wants to go to Lhasa.

3:33:55 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So I want to be on the Westlake football team. All right, so we're launching time back.

3:34:07 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
You should just mentally you should Like, think, Team Alpha or Team Timeback, so you can look forward a year or two, right? But this is a good example of, it's not obvious. It is not, because I promise you, one year ago, it was not obvious at all that Alpha was going to be seen as popular as it was. A year ago, software play looked a lot better. It's why we were two-hour learning. McKinsey was trying to rebrand away from Alpha because it was too elitist high-end, right? But then through the magic of really good branding and marketing, we've now made it, right? Oh my God, the thing everybody talks about. And so now everything wants to get on. It's like time back. Right. And so it's totally escalated its brand. And if we successfully and a year ago, we didn't know how to fill a school quick. Right. And our go to market was bad. I mean, our fall, even our fall last year was terrible. Right. All that shit. And right. We've been improving it. So now we know we can open up 25 because we have to be in all these cities. Right. To get the brand, maybe not 100, but Gotta be, right, in a bunch of them. And fill them up and get the brand and it does work, right? We do, you know, McKinsey's gonna have a dozen billionaires, right, in every city or celebrities, right? Being like, yes, right? We're picking it, all that brand value. And we're getting these articles like the Astro Codex where our controversy positions are becoming mainstream discussions, right? And when we nail time back, we will forever convince parents, I want my kid to learn via an app, an AI app. And AI tutor, not chatbot, right? Because they're going to learn 10 times faster. 10 times faster. All right. And this will be a good, the other part with all this stuff is we can, big coming out of super So, and let's make sure Texas Sports Academy is in the time back schools.

3:37:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

3:37:06 - Unidentified Speaker
That's right.

3:37:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
How's cohort two by the way? Do we like them? I mean, just like, like them, like them? Not as crazy as us. No, they're more some dude. Yeah. Are you guys going to bring them out?

3:37:34 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
When's your first social with them? We just did it.

3:37:41 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
We had a first day. OK. OK.

3:37:46 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Smart, but not fun. Yeah. Well, we should we should have a big social with them.

3:37:57 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
You can feel free to have whatever budget you need.

3:38:04 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Welcome him in. Make him feel what? Yeah, you'll break and make them part of it. DR's kid, do you know DR's kid's in it?

3:38:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
Benjamin.

3:38:21 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
So. Great, good, good. Now back to the cohorts and stuff, you know, and how hard things. Benjamin's never worked harder in his life, right? And at six in the morning some days he's crying because, you know, stress, right? And being up all night and stuff, he is having the time of his life. He's like, this is transforming night, right? It is so, I mean, DR couldn't be happier as a parent to watch the kid, you know, and it's one of those things where the struggle, the fail, sometimes cry on the road to success, the cohort, right? He's part of it. He's loving it. You know, DR had said, I'll pick you up. You know, he's like, I'm staying. Don't bother me, mom. And all that stuff is just so awesome. And so another good example of in-person cohorts. One thing I believe, here's an interesting thing. Back to software, let me do the other time back alpha. How much will AI be able to obsolete in the time back stack? Over the next 10 years. Okay. Think about that as one dimension of the value of time back. Second, do you believe in 10 years that most parents are going to want to drop their kids off at a building and the building has other kids and adults in it?

3:40:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

3:40:08 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And you're just like, That second one, like one of the things that Bezos always says is, what is true in 10 years that's true today, right? Because you want to be investing in things that are not going to change, right? And you know what's true? Parents are going to drop their fucking kids off in a building with other kids and adults. Now, our job is to transform what happens in the building during the day and not in class and two hours and work jobs and all cool shit. But they're going to do that. How much of the time back stack is going to be commoditized by AI 10 years from now?

3:40:48 - Unidentified Speaker
A lot.

3:40:49 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
A lot. And you're like, oh, I hope the brand's good. Right? And maybe there's elements of tech diff and stuff. So when you're trying to think of the long-term value, If you have to make a bet, it's not, once again, right now, building schools is massively capital intense as well, right? And slower and, right? Everybody's freaking out, like, everybody's like, oh my God, you're gonna add 25 schools. I'm like, it's like 600 kids, right? 25 times 25, right? It's freaking not that hard. And people are like, oh my God, 25, they're all like, so the press release that's going out tomorrow is like, we're only announcing the first 10. It's 25 seems like reckless, according to people, right? And so we're just gonna announce the first 10. Right? I mean, online platform, if you said I was adding 600 users, they're like, is it broken? Like, why so few? Right? And so it's just totally different dimensions of scale, where people freak out on the physical side when I'm adding 600 people yet on the online side they'd be like oh my god you need to be 10x that or 100x that. So anyway just different dimensions and interesting if you're an investor which one you'd pick. All right well great and I'll be uh any questions let me have Over the week, I'm actually here through the week. So I can come if any of you guys have issues or roadblocks or anything, when I can come or just ping me. All right, thank you guys. Here we go. Time back. Sure.

3:43:02 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So is that something that you like want us to nominate like Alpha or Timeback or Mackenzie Price or yourself? That's basically what it is. The Climber won last year's prize. Yeah. So like, is this like the push like this summer, we're getting all this together. So then the next few months, we are finalists or semi-finalists. That would be nice.

3:43:34 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Or is that like 2026? When is the deadline? The deadline is in a week.

3:43:39 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
So I would have to talk to Ken about going out and nominating ourselves.

3:43:43 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
And what are we nominating? Do you want to nominate?

3:43:45 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
It's just like, last year, most of the finalists were just like...

3:43:49 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
He's not going to give I'm trying to think of why he sent it. Was it cool because of what other people were doing? He's never going to give us the money. He shouldn't. He shouldn't give it to us. Hey, guys.

3:44:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Is it?

3:44:20 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
Okay, guys. Don't tell anybody else, but if you go into Ephor, there's a grok, just straight grok. It doesn't say four, because we're not allowed to have four, but if you use grok, It will operate very much like 4. It's the reasoning version. 256K context, reasoning. So you can experiment with it.

3:44:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, let's just bail on it.

3:45:01 - Unidentified Speaker
There we go.

3:45:03 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 2
I got to add it.

3:45:06 - Unidentified Speaker
How good is Grok 4?

3:45:10 - Conference Room (Max McCorkel) - Speaker 1
I have yet to find out.