Meet Meeting
Fri, Jun 20, 2025

0:03 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
That's a little bit number and I was like, you know, we have some educational ideas And they're fucking over-the-top like dr. Sports caddy You know alpha itself my back The fortnight stuff and he's like you should be a fun. Yeah, I'll get down back to safety or having them realize that they can provide side how you is they're all getting taxed on these huge endowments because people are like, why do you have all this money? When you're sitting in a bank, why do you have $50 billion in your bank? What the fuck are you doing? And if you say that, how about they go out and say, we're literally investing in the world's greatest educational entrepreneur, so we're going to change education. I'm like, that probably makes people in America be like, oh, maybe we should tax them so much. Maybe that is a good reason for doing that. So we're going to put together a fund. And see if that works. I was like, UT has a huge endowment, tens of millions of dollars, right? But they have to invest. I'm like, how are they not investing in fucking tech stores? How are they not like, this is it? So we did that, and then, this was more Max McCorkel than me, but just a little bit was, Uh, she's friends with the, um, Dodgers Dodgers, who bought the Lakers this week. And they're trying to do a sports capsule. They're trying to do a sports capsule. And so they've been talking to her and they need double A and they need NCAA accreditation. Right. And so Chris is still working on that, but they're like, this is, she's like, I'm not expressing my business. Right. Like it's every fucking team the Dodgers the Lakers Every, you know, he's like Chelsea or Chelsea, but he's like every team needs us and They're all endorsed.

2:03 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
What are you guys doing?

2:06 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so everybody wants this shit we need that they are instantly accreditation and get it get Sports Academy, Sports Academy, fucking God, a thousand schools. Yeah, exactly. 1,200. 1,200 schools. 1,200 districts. So you guys are talking to the Kaipa guy? Yeah. Yeah. And then, let's see what else. I think he told us, but I don't know if he told us all of them. All of them? Yeah, he was definitely not. Excited to hear what you guys are doing. He's all like, oh, this is great, blah, blah, blah. And I was like, what are you guys doing? I'm like, we're going to open 1,200 schools in Texas. He's like, oh. And he's like, what are you going to do? I'm like, yes. Coaches.

2:58 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
He's like, you need two-hour learning.

3:00 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I'm like, hopefully we get into a product in time and we can work with you guys. They're setting up just these pods. Because I have teachers. I get in with teachers. They're trying to get, you know, pop-ups and teachers. Pod is like five or less, or six or less. Ah, that's, you know, Kai Pod, he originally started during the pandemic, but now he's doing Microsoft. Oh, okay, okay. Everybody wants to do ESA Microsoft. Everybody's doing it. There's a new one out. It was today on Twitter. Got a name, John Daniels, pretty good. He's doing a, he's basically, he's doing project-based learning, with that. And so no academic standards. You know but it is a driven little micro schools. He's basically going to rebuild acts and I feel that categorizing. We bought higher ground Montessori today. Nice. And so it'll be a really nice one. And so we're going to get we're going to open up twenty five hours but December and by August. We got, let's see what else we got this week. We got Ackman's doing New York and Naval is doing San Francisco. So we got TechPro's, there's plenty of We're going to totally make it smack down on Twitter. Who's going to build a better school? We're all going to do San Francisco. We're all going to do San Francisco with his kids. Backman's doing New York with his kids. We're all going to be out of office. We're going to go to Michael. Conference this summer in the Hamptons. And then we'll have Duvall come in. Duvall hasn't agreed yet to put a scanner down the pipe in the Hamptons, but he's probably going to agree. He was helping us get a building today. There's two buildings we're trying to fix. We don't have a month, basically. So we might, it might slip till September for San Francisco, but we're going full board. And he's, he, both of them are dedicated to Columbus. So, you know, our whole concept of founding families, get them there, hardcore, all do whatever, you know, Acton's like, you can have my estate in the Hamptons and do as many. Info sessions as you want. And Paul's like, I'm a podcast, and please do what you need to do to build a school. He was out two years ago when I first was getting involved, being principal, and he's homeschooling. He's like, one day I'm going to call you, and you've got to be able to do it. Basically, last week he called. He's like, what do you need? I'm like, I'm going to put families in a building. I'll open it whenever you give me both of those. He's like, August 15th. All right, let's do it. So our real estate guys go out. He doesn't have the buildings.

6:09 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
He doesn't have the buildings.

6:10 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So I could for a while, or? No. My guy pushed one story. And one of the bills, they're in bankruptcy. And this was one of the ones that was failed. And we think there's two buildings. One of them is this, and now we own it. Can say we own it. The landlord. We own the lease. So we're negotiating with the landlord. That one. So that's one mile. That's one. There's two. So we'll see which one. But they're going to be right up. There's one that's like right on the bay. Sort of the Presidio Pier 39. Yes that's the district. And the other thing the other thing is back to the other part about alpha and just brand and positioning like these guys I'm like I can't find like I want this much in patents like oh I want this you know building like I can't do it at the tuition I can't and I'm not gonna fucking open a school that has billionaires and lose money and they're like just charge us more tuition they're like you want me to buy the building you want me to start towards the issue what do you want to do he's like I want the school just Yeah. So like, I mean, New York and San Francisco would be like $75,000 to pay for the building. But it's an interesting thing because McKinsey gets up in front of everybody and is like, Alpha, it doesn't fucking matter about the building. I can run it in a tent. It matters what goes on in the classroom, through the building. But these high net worth people are like, I fucking want a nice building. And I'll just pay for it. Why not? And they're like, OK, I guess. And so we're actually think about changing out the pricing now where every location has a different price? Yeah. So we can have, you know, a $40,000 one and a $75,000 one, you know, just in different buildings, right? You know, and a lot of it comes with the building. They want massive security, cameras and security, you know, there's a lot of overhead. It's not just like, um, So anyway, so Alpha, you know, we're going to announce next week that we're going to, McKinsey's going to do a July roadshow, 10 cities. Alpha academics are great, like we have all the results. We have this great graph. It's going to be Alpha kids versus Eames, right, school districts, their first year. Alpha and Eames is crushing us. We basically let kids in who are worse than these kids. So we have first year. Then we have Ben and Alpha two or three years. And it's just, it's a great, it's a great grant. So we've had, our SATs came back today. We got three kids at 790 math. Our average, our freshman average is 14,000. Which is, it's freshman. That's why, right? So our freshman is higher than almost everybody's school. No one even gives a freshman, right? And so, but like Maddie was doing, you know, so the girl doing the Broadway musical, 790 back. The girl trying out, trying, you know, to be Miss Teen USA, 790 back. You know, Alex, 790 back. Yeah, they're just, you know, it's like, yeah, the Miss Teen Girl, the musical one. They're like, oh, my God, I can't believe you're the musical girl. You know, we got everybody's vision of what Miss Teen USA is like, It's not 790 Back, right? And she's, yeah, so we're a bunch of, we don't have any 1600s, we're a bunch of XO. I wanted 1,600, but close enough. So that's all. So SATs are great. We don't get APs for a few more weeks. So yeah, so overall, academics are great. And then we're going to be like, great year. Demand's out of control. We're opening up 10. And then 25 by December. And so we ran one in Fort Worth. We ran an info session this week in Fort Worth. 100 plus people showed up. You know McKinsey just pleads. It's like oh I'm coming to Fort Worth. And 110 people show up. They're all doing a shadow day this week or next week. They do it. Then a week later they do a shadow day. And that thing will be full. So Phoenix Fort Worth based on, you know, what we expect. It'll be three weeks after we run a info session. And so, and back to scarcity, it does create craziness. Because, you know, once we get a micro school full of 25, it takes us two years to get the 250 school. So you're going to wait this for two years. You know, for the big school. Because our location is only both 25. And so these families are like, if I don't get one of those 25 spots, I'm screwed for two years. And so the rush, there definitely is a scarcity rush. How do they sign up for Shadow Day? There's no procedure. You have to go to the info session. So you sign up for an info session. And then in the info session, you sign up for Shadow Day. And we've let anybody do the Shadow Day who went to the info session. There'll be one. There'll be two. There'll be two shadow days. Yeah, there'll be two shadow days. Out of the 100, we'll get 50-ish. You know, sort of 150, 25. That's what you should think. We haven't had a thing where we overloaded that. Well, we do. That's not true. Because the 50 can all do shadow day, and it's the first 25 who spend it in money. And stuff that goes, right? It's just first come first serve. Now we have to let you in. Most kids do that.

12:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

12:37 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So that's our that's our process. So practice the same thing. Get a billion views. Fill the top funnel. You see that. Who's our cheater guys. Clearly like a billion a day he said or a billion a week whatever is a billion a month. He had like more than we were going to get in views.

13:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
It's like, oh, we should up our target.

13:04 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's a billion views. I mean, A16Z did a podcast today on Education of the Hour. They're just like, well, everybody's seeing the future of education, right? Everybody talks about it, right? And you'll notice even she didn't. She's like, it's charter school. She doesn't give a shit about it. But it's just the hype about it. It's just so hot, right? The other guys need to know more about it. But just keep keep the top of the funnel height. Right. And then everything else works. What else. Once again keep this to us but we're in by synthesis. Oh nice. So Samy's out meeting him. So we're going to we're going to have synthesis this week I think. Actually we are. So it'll be part of ours. Out a branding it'll probably be like I'm thinking about making alpha gt well like all this branding stuff it's all confusing alpha so good that you just sort of have to attach to it but synthesis is good too but fundamentally who's your target audience for for synthesis it's going to be like gt homeschoolers right I mean you're it's remote it's twitter like they dominate twitter they dominate people at home right And you're like, who's going to do well on it? It's going to be a self-motivated GT, right? And so I think we want to brand it GT. So the Alpha GT School. Our GT School keeps saying every time they say GT School, like Alpha GT School. Becoming Alpha GT School, I guess, for now. They'll get their own brand. But then we'll have Synthesis. You can have it bought by that, and that can be remote prop so they can reach outside the physical school we're gonna have alpha anywhere right we already have that so we're gonna that's a it's actually interesting because so we're gonna expand alpha anywhere it's ten thousand dollars a year you know we think we're gonna sign up you know ten million dollars that shit like in a month and you know someone like a are between 10 and 100 million. And my worry is our software sucks so bad that I'm like, oh my god, I do not want many people using this. This is like when you post online. You're like, thank god I have no followers. That's sort of how it feels. I'm like, god, this sucks so bad. But OK, I guess $10 million of revenue gets more users, gets more data, until time comes up, right? So about anywhere, and then we could have like synthesis is our. Alpha GT brand or something. See the problem with synthesis and why. They're selling to us is, you know, they don't get, they don't get any price. They don't deliver accurate. All the things I've always preached about, like they're the best, right? I don't know if any of you guys think there's any better. It's like software brand wise or even product. Right. And They don't have any economics at work. They charge little. They don't deliver standardized test results. So their churn rate's too high. So their cost of customer acquisition's too high. And how much they can charge a month doesn't pay it back. So they're fucked.

16:28 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Are you an investor?

16:29 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I am. I'm an investor. And so I've watched them for years. And they're basically gave up. They're like, we can't make more. You know, Max, and we're going to go in and be like, I'm going to implement the two things I fucking told you years ago.

16:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

16:48 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
And I'm just going to put them in charge.

16:51 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Ninety nine dollars a year. Really? Yeah, I know. And they're trying to do this deal with Salvador at like six bucks a user, but now it's three dollars, like three dollars a user. It's like below there. What are you guys doing? $3. Are you with the fuck? Right. But when you don't deliver academic outcomes, you're competing against I Excel who's nine. Right. And it has more curriculum. Right. And if you don't have academic outcomes, what do you have? Right. And he hates standardized testing. And, you know, it spells up. So what have you guys doing at tech software spells bullshit. We're going to make it really cheap. We're going to buy it. Do the case study. We'll have a real one. Do you really think you're better than synthesis with all your bullshit? Right. I know we still have some projects where people are like, I'll be free and it all works all the shit You're gonna join the fucking synthesis ranks just like everybody else Um, anyway good for us, right? We're the only ones out there buying them because no one knows how to do anything You just attach it to our brand and you're sure it's ten thousand dollars Right and you guarantee academic outcomes. Yeah. Oh yeah.

18:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yeah. Because her kid fucking is learning like crazy.

18:05 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
I'm sure.

18:06 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Right. It's I mean even when the software sucks if you deliver academic out. Right. Our software is super great. Right. But every household family is happy because their kids are going to our students versus the alternative. It is bad. Right. So anyway that's our So yeah, so we're going to have synthesis next week. So we're going to put it on Climac, get it into our standardized testing, get it on this platform, right? You'll be able to have it as part of your TSA.

18:38 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Oh, this is what we can demo.

18:41 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Yeah, finally.

18:41 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
No, finally, you have a good demo. This is a helpful learn, probably.

18:45 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I did a version of it, and it was 12. How is that? It looks a little bit better. I have it right here. OK. Better than

18:54 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
But you guys fucking build something better. Jesus. I thought you were super builders.

19:02 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
He wants to.

19:04 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
We're going to. Well, you guys, somebody, some other team should build something. You guys are busy. So I see something. So, yeah, a lot was going on. What else? Are there any intern positions here? The four interns? The vibe marketing people? Yeah. They sent them all to me today. I have time to go in. So I have all their looms. I'll forge you the looms. You guys can see pretty good. One of the kids seemed really... I talked to him. One of the kids seemed really sharp. I can't remember. He told me about Zach. He's not technical. We spoke to him about KPIs. Next time you saw him. He's the kid who's transferring to Stanford. That's Zach. So he seemed like your sort of normal speed for, you know, I'm going to be enough. So. What else? So the big the big things we have to do, you know, when I look at the summer. For Max, my stack rank is I got to get 25 Alphas open so that we are on track to be Stanford K through 12. Just take advantage of this momentum. Get the Ackman's get the balls. Every city we got to go get our founding family. Who's way into it. And the hype meter so high. Oh we're going to open Malibu. Malibu sent us a note. And it was a bunch of families got together and like they sent it to Max McCorkel. Can we get 20 minutes. Please give us 20 minutes. We'll convince you to open an alpha here. We'll get the building. We got 25 people. Please come. You know. So we have a lot of momentum that way. So I got to get that and back to owning the high-end brand, owning a Stanford and K through 12 is really valuable. Then second, we got to shift time back, because all this shit's going to fall apart if we don't. And that's our software, our alpha learning, with our content. We need Incept working, we need time back platform working, we need the time back. Why? You know, we're down to. Yeah, we're out of time for a month. Like it's got to be shipped in a month, we have three weeks. What? Who's leading time back? So the so leading the Time Back client. And there's a couple of different teams who are doing the content. And so everybody has a date, the next 10 days. So there may be some July help that you guys have to give to make sure Time Back gets finished in July. We'll have to see in 10 days where we are. And so that's Time Back, and then And then third is we have to have Texas Sports Academy. This summer it has to be, okay, we're on track for 1,200 schools, right, and that we're going to now go big and this is it. So those are the, those are big from the marketing side or from the gift on the side. Like if we walk out of summer and we have those three, we're crushing it. Right? We're crushing it. Because we have everything. We own the high end. We own the sports. Right? And we have a software platform. And the software platform is comprehensive. It's got software. It's got a lot of stuff. Let's see. Tricks that for you guys. We were thinking about building, you know, building that learning science LLM. I think we're, I think Neil's going to pitch the side quests are the way to do it. So we had a partner that we were going to invest 50 million went to do it. And I think I'm going to why don't we make a few million and just see how the fuck that works. Right. And so Rockwool is working with Nils to figure out if that's possible. So I think you'll see him tweet. I think you saw his tweet. Yeah, that was actually, basically what happened was it got put on my desk and they're like, will you approve this 50 million? And as I, Isn't like SideQuest supposed to be DeepSeek? Like, I thought that was, if I remember right, wasn't it? Didn't he get up and say, like, we're going to do DeepSeek-like projects? Wasn't that the original pitch? That was the original pitch when he had the- Yeah, like over there. And he's like, it's DeepSeek. And everybody, you're going to find all these fucking PhDs who want to, you know, who, if you, who could do DeepSeek-like projects.

24:49 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
It shifted.

24:50 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
When Jefferson presented about having projects for companies and like, Yeah, but it's still similar in that you're doing deep-seek-like projects, except you just get hired on them, right? Or am I missing something? It's more like XPRIZE, I think.

25:07 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Yeah, or XPRIZE.

25:08 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Either one. So, like, XPRIZE deep-seek. Like, there's segments of deep-seek. Like, what parts of deep-seek? Like, okay, you have an LLM. What part would be learning science, right? Like, you need a good data source. How do you have a cleaner common core crawl data source than you'd use? What subsets would you put in? Would you put a knowledge graph in? What does it mean to have a learning science LLM? I don't fucking know what that means. It's two buzzwords that you're hammering together, but there's got to be some technical thing you do. I think that SideQuest would be a good way to figure it out.

25:51 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
What's like the value that we are assigning to having a learning science?

25:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Oh, it's a business model. So the reason I almost funded it, even though I had no technical, you know, you should never do this. It's technology ever. Like is you have to have a whole stack, right? You have to have, where's the fucking, so I always start where the fucking pile of money, the pile of money is 18 months ago. I sat, I was in Dubai. I was with the head of UAE's AI, right? The minister of AI. And Jensen was going to get up and he's like, yeah, the talks on sovereignty. And I told the dude, I was like, it's going to be Omar. I'm like, that's gotta be the dumbest pitch I've ever heard. Sovereignty. And I, how the hell are you going to keep up with the fricking hyperscalers and Google? Okay. I give me a fucking break. That's so dumb. He's like, Oh, you haven't heard this pitch that happened. I'm like, no, he's like, you're going to like it. And you know, it's all, and it was, you know, the leaders of, you know, Modi's there from India, all this. Leaders from around the world listened to him. And his pitch was awesome. I was like, oh, okay, I'm totally sold. He's like, and we've talked about this, right? You have to, you need an AI, your laws, customs, and values, and curriculum, right? And so you have to build, buy a $10 billion data center and train up your own AI, because you can't outsource that. What is your country if you give up your laws, customs, and values, right? And I was like, oh, that's every country. Country's going to say that's worth $10 billion. Like, why wouldn't you, right? Your overall budget. So, and he's selling these data centers. He's right. It's totally working. So our pitch is that there's two major apps of why you'd want an AI that's based on your country. Like a lot of stuff that's the same, like healthcare, you're like, what's what, but your military, you're like, yeah, I want my drones to kill those other drugs and your education. Those are your two killer apps. Popular to the people to be like, we're spending $10 billion to build killer robot drones from David. But everybody wants to spend $10 billion to educate our kids. So we want an LLM for education. It's funny, not just fully built, right? We have to like read in all your source documents, right? And your local language and what your curriculum is, and your laws, customs and values. Because Incept is putting those mind viruses in your kid's brain and you need to control it. And so we're going to build an education LLM that is going to be bundled. Our go-to-market is fucking NVIDIA. Like NVIDIA, you've got a $10 billion data center, which is a killer app. We're the killer. We're education. It sits on Incept on top. And Incept now incorporates this custom LLM. It sits on top of the $10 billion data center. And so that's our, that's our pitch. And that's hugely valuable. You sell that thing for a hundred million bucks, right? To every country who's building a dataset, sell for a billion. Cause they need a, they need a killer app. And you just ride along with the NVIDIA salesperson. This is what I did in the nineties with my first product, first AI product. It was when laptops first came out. And these, you got to remember, laptops were like five to seven grand. And back then, like AI products were three dollars. It was the same bullshit. And I'm like, I need to charge a thousand or two thousand per user to make money. And so like IBM, the bundle, and our product was called Sale Builder. And so the fucking IBM loved it, or Hewlett Packard or anybody loved it, because they'd load up my thousand or $2,000 software on their five or $7,000 laptop. And then they'd have an excuse. Sell it to the sales force of whatever company. So they went to Boeing and they're like, oh, all your sales reps have to have it, right? Or AT&T, everybody needs to have it. So that's the killer app. To sell it was, it helped your sales reps sell. And this is the same thing. You need a, yeah, education. So mentally, I had my first, right, there's a big pile of money I know exactly who to sell it to. But then you have to have a tactic. Like, why is my product different and better? Right? And I have to compete with, why isn't it better than Llama 4, or Llama 5, or DeepSea? Right? What's the difference between us and a post-trained DeepSea? Right? And there has to be a good answer if you're charging $100 million. Right? And so I needed a technical answer. So we were going to put $50 million in and get a team together, figure it out. And I'm like, wait, I freaking have this guy who wanted to build DeepSeek and SideQuest with a bunch of PhDs who want to do DeepSeek-like projects to show that they should give up. So let's give them a few million bucks and see what happens. Anyway, so that's the current patch that we're on. We'll see if that works. If you think that's, if anybody think that's dumb, please tell me. That's our current thoughts. And so that'll get us some progress. And maybe the answer is, yes, we need to go spend $50 million and build one. And SideQuest can't do it all. But if it gives us that next step of technical validation that there is something valuable in a fully trained, learning science-based LLM, it'll give us some data. Because right now, I have a vision, but no technology. Anyway, yeah, so that's all part of the playback stuff. Sure. Yeah, XPRIZE 7 led to innovation like that before.

31:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

31:47 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So it gives you stronger data set requests.

31:53 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And the XPRIZE, the other one, the XPRIZE we're doing, the XPRIZE we're, so we, McKinsey's friends with Peter, who runs it, and we talked to the, Ellen Sloan went up to Totogi and the Department of Education and said, you guys should, if you deploy crap bots, everybody get dumber. Thank God for that MIT paper. Even though the paper itself sort of sucks, it doesn't matter. It's, it gets the right message across. To make everybody dumber. And they're like, you need to have an open source engine that generates personalized lesson plans at a master-based level. And so Peter is willing to, Peter's like, if the Department of Ed wants to give me $10 million bucks, I'll run the enterprise. We'll give them the specs, basically our specs. We don't want to, 2-Hour Learning doesn't want to do it. One, because you have to open source it. And two, it's going to be a bloodbath with the teachers, and I don't want to hurt our brand. And this is a better one. Right. Open source XPRIZE more energy versus evil capitalists trying to do a sweetheart deal with the government. Jam this shit to schools like, Don't get that headache. Do that XPRIZE. But we could do it as a side quest. Actually it was really interesting at Stanford yesterday. They're like the Stanford Accelerator for Learning is like we should do this.

33:13 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
What the fuck.

33:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
We have some You could spit this shit out like a note to the head of the Department of School of Education, Dean Schwartz. This is exactly what Stanford should do. I'm like, exactly. Why aren't you guys doing stuff like this? I was like, you could fundraise off of it. You have a bunch of people to, some guy from KKR was there. He's like, God, KKR would give $500,000 for this school. Open source to all the public schools. So if Stanford doesn't, if Totogi doesn't do it, and if Stanford doesn't do it, maybe SideQuest will do that, too. We'll get that one going, too. Right? Just personalized learning plan generated.

34:00 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Right?

34:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Stop giving kids Socratic chatbots that they use to cheat and give them something good to help them. So yeah, that would be the experts. Yeah, a lot going on. What else?

34:25 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
What about you guys?

34:31 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Any questions?

34:35 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Anything I can help on?

34:43 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
has basically been built in many, many years.

34:56 - Unidentified Speaker
We need to basically validate our internal data reporting, but that requires 10,000, 15,000 questions to validate to some extent.

35:06 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Can get us a lot of the way there, but ultimately it's sort of validating billions of questions over a number of years. We need to sort of pick the first 15,000 and save them for later. So this week we managed billions, Yeah, I'll see if they are. We're like the interns we were just talking about before is they're building cursor for marketing.

35:52 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And so Um, I don't know that they're going to give that project up to annotate the math issues. Sure. So, um, uh, but yeah, we'll, we'll send it out if someone's interested.

36:11 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yeah, if they're interested, basically.

36:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
Yeah.

36:15 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah. I would get up work or I don't know where you're getting. Uh, yeah. Back to annotating, I'm a huge fan of great datasets and math. Curriculum, I'll give you my big vision pitch back to where all the money is. Here's my real vision pitch of why we have to build a learning science-based algorithm. I always hate to sell these, except you sell something and then you throw this at the end of the sales pitch to get really excited. Because you're like, Do you guys understand that everybody's trying to get to AGI? And they're fundamentally doing it the wrong way. And the real way of what learning science is, is literally how the brain works. Like, that's literally how the brain works and all the cognitive load theory. And we're going to build an LLM based on those concepts. And it's going to get to AGI before anybody else.

37:12 - Unidentified Speaker
That's how your fucking brain works.

37:13 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And so while we're building it for education, it actually is going to be the most powerful LLM. In existence.

37:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

37:21 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I don't know if side by side.

37:25 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Perfect. No, we totally should have that as part of it.

37:31 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And that data source, right, to your point. Building it on, you know, Elon's building on his first principles of science and math. I'm like, I think I I like the fucking learning sciences, a better set of principles. If you're trying to build an engine that things right. And like the D O K and how you're talking through, what's the difference in facts and ideas and new ideas and transferring knowledge. Right. I go, I go with ours. I go with learning science. Right. And who knows, right. Make it shit up. Everybody's making shit up at this level. No one really knows. Right. But it's a good pitch, a good pitch, right. And so, This is the kind of stuff, well, like the guy who just, what's his name? Uh, SSI, right? Yeah. Just raised 2 billion at like 30 billions. He's like, cause I'm going to get to AGI with my ideas. Right. But he's smart. He has a good pitch. Right. But learning science is a really good pitch too. And if you're already spending it and you're fucking UAE and you're already like shit, I'm building my, I got to build an LLM anyway. Let's fucking make sure we compute for these guys to build one against AGI first. It adds excitement to the chase. Right? It builds sex appeal. It's like going to Mars. You always have to always have that fucking, I mean, educating all your people is really good too, but then it's a little kicker at the end. But yes, the annotation system works.

39:04 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
We need great data sets for education.

39:11 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I mean, that's literally what they bought. That was what scale is. All those guys. I mean, it's fucking unbelievable. Like, actually, the guy, he did a good job selling the meta. Yeah, scale selling Dementra. Good. The meta. There must be a lot available too. Know so there's a lot I mean they're all just contractors out on the thing you could start a crossover pipeline you know eight billion you know iq testing and all that shit so you could have the best ones available um anyway uh server could be a lot of money doing data annotation crossover the main competitor of scale in my opinion the reason that long is selling to Meta right now just because they're eating their lunch.

40:10 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Like Surge AI is already profitable. Yeah.

40:13 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
No, and so does Turing. If you know Turing, it's the same thing. So Turing was a Stanford guy who was basically building a crossover. And then all those guys realized, holy shit, there's all this grunt work of data imitation that started with all the guys who got into self-driving cars. And then they just realized, fuck, I need that problem. LLMs don't do math well, so I just fucking need mathematicians to do work examples. Ad nauseam, right? And so they moved up a stack and also their AI. You know, and they're really just fucking great data. That's why he's so great, because he literally has a third party fucked up data annotation company that he sold for $15 billion. He's awesome. He must be really good for his stuff to be like, you're in charge of my name. Like, right? Because he's not buying data annotators for $15 billion. They're cheaper than that. So very impressive. Very impressive. But yeah, so we need a team of data annotators and annotations. So yeah, so get a big, scalable team. Build a crossover. You want us to build a crossover. You can do it however you want, but crossover is built for the business. I was going to say, that was for the private sector.

41:32 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
but yeah, we're working here somehow. That's what we work on.

41:37 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Marko is literally built for this. Yeah. Yeah.

41:40 - Unidentified Speaker
So just, do you know Ben?

41:43 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Do you know Ben? I don't, but Yeah. Reach out to Ben and just say, I want, how many do you want to hire? Right now, sort of weekly. Go hire 10. Yeah, so go get 10, go get 20. Tell them to build a crossover pipeline that gets you 10 or 20. Make them 40 plus C gap. The whole system is to make sure they don't cheat. You can give them a real world work assignment. Yeah, exactly. Build it all. Hire a hundred if that's like there's do it all just pull it all pull in all the data and build that data set and hire as many crossover people you need right for sure that's good um you should read uh because what's his name today marthy posted the world is made the cleanest data set, right? He's like, all these textbooks are dirty. Like he was going through them and he's like, he's like an LLM that's trained on really clean data. We're all doing it like post-training with these guys. Why don't we just fucking like, just make the input pre-training data really good. And so go build the world's best textbook-like curriculum and train an LLM. Yeah. Perfect. The use of crossover. But yes, crossover could. We never took that. For the reason we have a $15 minimum. I think we might have lowered it to $10 an hour. We always want to crossover to be high end and not like upward. Where it's $1 or $2. And all those guys pay like a couple bucks.

43:51 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Well, I mean, Surgeon is now paying some people.

43:54 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
At the high end, you can get all the PhDs. They built their business, though. The data annotators of video screens are like $2 an hour. And we were like, oh, we're going to lower the price point. Anyway, we should have. With hindsight, $15 billion, which is, yeah.

44:12 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Oops.

44:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
What else? Other things that count?

44:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, we work with all the kids.

44:22 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
We have kids of our own.

44:26 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
Our job is to get them to work. But one of the things we're looking for is actual, like, open world. Budgeting, long-term plans that require you to actually go on a game every single day to engage in that multiple social aspect as well. So yeah, that was one of our ideas.

44:59 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Can you describe what the game does?

45:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
So we have a couple of different ideas. One of them is actual like island-based pirate ship resource management type game, where ideally you want to be social, like in the short term maybe just single player, but you're managing resources, and that resource management kind of dictates the allowance you get from your parents. You get kind of a bunch of things happening, so it could be 20, whatever we report kind of properly budgeted. Yeah, potentially offloading any, let's say, walks or phones, in the case of the game itself, as well as other sort of client principles, say like an emergency So that's a different than our group's approach, but I think it's the most engaging way.

45:49 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
When you say resource management, it's all, it's financially based.

45:53 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
Yeah, you could have in-game currency.

45:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
But those are, yeah, like in-game currency tied to real world money. Yeah, great. So that would be like a big push. The other option on the game front is that we don't do an open world like in actual gameplay, that would be based off of a couple of things. Primarily it came to my mind was something from the 2000s called Millsberry. It was made by General Mills the cereal company. So that's something that helped a lot of kids learn about like personal finance but also just like kind of like living a second life in some sense. So in that game you had a character, car, house, a bunch of mini games and different like neighborhoods you could go to that had different life skills as their main focus. So we cut out like the and hurdle of making an open world game, just do something where you can visit other stuff within an app. The idea there is we have learn and earn, but there's also the aspect of flexing on other people. You have a nicer house than that, you have a nicer sister than that, you have the biggest houses out of all your friends. And then after flex is level up or upgrade your stuff. So the reason we like that idea also is that it's like a daily engagement thing. It's like New Lingo where every day going to do a lot of tech stuff, similar to Pirate Gang also, but those are the two main visions for a game.

47:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
For non-game, a little bit stuck, I feel like,

47:17 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
As you said, the content is very difficult to make engaging, like kind of I think one of the things you're asking is like, all right, so we need to find something that's like very engaging about financial literacy that kids are begging their parents to pay for, and that parents are happy to pay for. And they're like, all right, how many times has this in history and like the answer is probably zero so I guess that's why we got kind of stuck on that one.

47:46 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Well you have to find that you kids want to deal with money. Yes. So it's totally easy. They want money. They want to deal with money. They're just giving real world shit or giving online simulation of real world stuff. So with both of these games, but you know, the biggest motivator in the world is money. And so the reason it hasn't been done is no one wants to give kids fucking money. That's the problem. So just give them money.

48:32 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I guess I didn't raise like I didn't see again, like the issue is the same. If you look at it, it's the same thing.

49:06 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's not engaging. So that's why we're... Back to your spiky point of view. What is your spiky point of view about teaching financial literacy that no one else has?

49:18 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I think the closest one to that recently that we've come upon is that kids don't actually care about money until you yet. So we want to do something like make the Alpha Emporium into a digital thing. We give you these ideas so kids can spend in-game currency to get real stuff. If they withdraw the money, there's a withdrawal penalty, which is one of your original ideas. Perhaps it's not doing it. We're going to open.

49:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Why do we have a disconnect?

49:58 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Alpha just fucking runs on money. Have you read the 25-page write-up that the parent did? And it was like all about financial yes, that's a GT dad.

50:21 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yes He's like my kids love learning. I moved to fucking Austin.

50:27 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So my kids could be fucking GT They fucking love learning and he's like god fucking alpha completely changed my mind He's like I get my kids I excel and they fucking didn't learn shit and then fucking at GT school all of a sudden learning a lot of shit right and he's like they pay kids it's crazy it works my fucking GT kids want to get paid I never thought that was true right financial literacy you're it's about money you guys should have the home run of all time what am I what am I missing I guess yeah the main thing is like one of the first things we talked about was the pricing model when we first talked in the end of April.

51:15 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
When we thought of the number of $100 per month, I guess we've been trying to figure out how to distill that down. If we still stick with that, how much money ends up in the hands of the kids such that it's still viable for us?

51:30 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Your issue is, I need to charge people $5,000, not $1,000 a year. Is that what you're saying? No, no.

51:36 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Our issue is how much money ends up in in the hands of the kids to actually play with.

51:41 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Well, how much do you need to put in the hands? The answer is, how much do you need to put in the hands of the kids and solve backward? Right? It's got to be $5,000 instead of $1,000. That's right. My thought on this was, and maybe I wasn't clear, was you're going to charge $100 for the app. But then there's going to be the learn and earn part, where the kid can do academics. And then it fucking puts money into his investment, or whatever, funds his ecosystem, which is on top of the $100, like $5,000, right? Learn and earn is extra money the parents pay. You're getting the $100 for your fucking app. But you're like, hey, parent, how much money do you want to give your fucking kid? Let him put in infinite money. Let the parent decide, right? And be like, well, if your kid learns all of fourth grade, you got to yanny up $1,000. Right? It's $1,000. And that goes to your kid. I guess I would have the same question as the synthesis guy.

52:47 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
You must have talked to him at some point. What are people's problems in ed tech with charging more money? They're fucking morons.

52:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I don't know how to say it more than that.

52:58 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
They're fucking morons.

53:00 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Is it a Mentaba guy? What did he get right about that?

53:04 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Mentaba's problem, I mean, he's 500 bucks a month. Right. Right. And I mean, you can read his tweets. He explains it. He's like, well, I go bankrupt if it's less than this. Like, I don't know what to tell you. Right. And, you know, there's other issues. You have fewer customers at 500 than that. It's just. Wow. There's, there's an underlying theme in ed tech. It's like, you have to solve the world's problems and benevolent and all that shit. And so it leads to shitty products, shitty low price products that don't solve for anybody. And then you fucking go bankrupt $3. We're going to say fuck over $3. Oh, it's too bad. You're bankrupt now. How'd that work out for you? I guess you didn't fucking save anybody. You would be like, I have these great intentions and I mean, well, and all bullshit. And after a hundred of them fail, I mean, how irresponsible is it to be the hundred and first, right? You're just like, really, seriously, you're going to be fat, fucking clueless, right? I, the first guy, I get it. Right. But after a hundred have done it, you're like, seriously, you have, there's nothing different about your pitch. Just mean wet and it's evil to charge money. And you're like, I mean, obviously in the aggregate, that's, that's even more money on fire.

54:20 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
But like the question, I guess the question is go find this chart back to your pile of money, right?

54:26 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Go get the set of parents. You have to build a great product, right? And so you build a great product and it costs whatever the fuck it costs. And then you go find those customers who can pay it. And what I'm telling you is there's plenty of customers who will pay. Plenty to build the business, right? This is the alpha thing. We're fucking charging $75,000 for tuition. Like they asked They're like, charge more so I can have this other bullshit. And I'm like, okay. Right. Like even I was too low. Right. And I'm like, this is my, this is the perfect market for me. My customers are literally like, you're too cheap. I'm like, Oh my God, fucking best day of my life. Right. And anyway, so you guys need to build the killer Robin Hood products and you have to sit there and like, I'm a 10 year old or 14 year old or whatever age range middle school, right? I'm a middle schooler. What would make me be like, this is the fucking best thing ever and design that. And then don't worry about it. And then figure out, then figure out the rest of the constraints. Right. But it's like, like, you know, one of the things I was telling Ackman, you know, cause you know, our kids love school, you know, instead of vacation, You know, and I told the story, he went, asked the kid, right? And he came back, I'm like, I don't, he's like, that's amazing. I didn't think, I'm like, you know, I sort of look at it this way. I have an engine that teaches kids 10 times faster. You're giving me $75,000 a year. I'm a fucking moron. If I can't make a 10 year old think it's like Disneyland every day. I mean, how can you not, you're giving me $75,000. I have fucking engine. Faster. How do I fuck this up? Right? Of course the kid's gonna love school. Like you're incompetent if you don't think that. When you sort of say it that way, it was like, yeah, sort of true, right? I mean, now the L.A. School district gets 35 grand a kid and they don't learn and they hate it. You know, they're not doing too well there. But fundamentally, we should be able to do this. And so you're like, can I design something where a 12-year-old who loves money and wants to invest and play a fun in video game, right, and get real world stuff, right? Can't we do that? And that's how you should be looking at Robin Hood is every middle schooler is dying, right? And then you solve the rest of it, right? The Fortnite guys, Mission 42 is like, I'm building a game better than Fortnite, right? I'm gonna build a game better than Fortnite that's gonna engage kids. And yeah, as part of it, they're gonna have to do like 600 math problems an hour, but they're gonna love it and beg for a second. Right and that's that's what you guys have to right it's the same thing with sports then right you're like dude you get to do two hours a day and then fuck play sports the rest of the day how do you not like school really you're gonna vote no on school right and that's how you have to look at this so whatever constraints are hanging you up like go build that great system here the kids are like fucking making money they're like are they gonna brag to all their friends look what I Look what I'm doing. Now, once you have that, you'll be able to grind them through some shitty curriculum. But you have to have this killer product. That's why it's like Robin Hood for kids. Even if you're teaching them not crypto, you're teaching them other good skills. You're making them think, look, I'm building you up the pyramid at the top. Is crypto YOLO. You know, which whole time you get there, you realize I never want to do that. Anyway, that's right. And so it's designing that product and it's so there's that element of it. And I think games and all that stuff are great. Simulations right that are real world real world money but your magic should be parents will pay for academic outcomes and feed your ecosystem with as much money as you need. Right and so you have that is your input right. And then second you can play games in worlds right that would teach kids shit for sure second. You can have real world things like negotiate your like you plan your family's travel trip right we're going to learn teach how to spend right or like your simulation like it doesn't have to be a simulation you can do this you know find the best credit card for your family where you do negotiate your cell phone bill right your cable bill all those things but don't just make it like a simulator do your fucking real And have it be like, the parents are like, yeah, I'll feed your account with 50% of the savings. Right? And parents are like, oh, wow, my kid is doing real world stuff. Right? My kids have been planning our family vacations for years. Right? They're in charge of all of them.

59:52 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

59:53 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
You're just like, be in charge. Right? And they've got to figure out, they know how to point. They know how to get them off credit card, like if you get an Amex one, you can transfer it to Singapore Airlines, and then you get four times the credit if you try to just turn them in on Amex, right? So they get to upgrade their seats from economy to economy plus if they use miles for it, and they're all like, yeah, right? And you can build these kinds of things that are real world things that have to do with your family's money, right? Which is a set of financial literacy stuff.

1:00:30 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
really valuable. You know, it's just a series of challenges. We're just trying to move away from like the boring. You totally don't.

1:00:40 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So you're sitting there and you have games and you're doing this stuff. And in your game, you're like, hey, practice your credit card bill. Right. But then you're like phase two. Now that you've unlocked it, go to your parents. And say here we go you know I I give you a shot at you know our uh comcast bit right and in return I'll get this right and then the parents could say oh you did you saved it and then it unlocks money in the in the game or in the in robin hood the thing with engagement is that kids just really can't feel like they're there to learn I mean if you ask me super builders like they learned a ton from like these people and stuff like RuneScape and Minecraft and stuff, but they never felt while doing so they're they're born.

1:01:30 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I think that's one reason you move off like that.

1:01:34 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
100%.

1:01:34 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So we'll come back to the brain lived on the game.

1:01:38 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
But you have to part of what you have to do is what you know there's you should look what are the things you're teaching?

1:01:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:01:47 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
What are the core things you're teaching? In English, Max, point of view, your brain lift is the most important things we're teaching are A, B and C. What are A, B and C? Loans.

1:02:08 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
What does loans mean?

1:02:11 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
What is that?

1:02:13 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
What are you teaching?

1:02:16 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
is, which is again, super important. Same thing with like, Spanish parts that are correct. So the first thing you have to start with is, you guys have to have a strong point of view of, these are the five things kids need to fucking know. What are the five things they need to know? Right? Right back to your brain lifts and stuff and you're sitting there, what is the general consensus on the five things kids should know? And how are, what's, what is the consensus and what's your spike point of view that's different, right? And if you don't have that, you have nothing. All the shit you've done is complete waste because you have no grounding of what are you trying to teach the kids, right? Do you have expertise in this is what we should be teaching kids? Because all the games and all shit don't matter if you're not having, like, what are you trying to put in their head? What is the concept that if they know, you're like, oh, this is awesome, right?

1:03:17 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
In terms of lifetime value and the stuff we research is pretty much in line with what you told. Credit card debt, student loans, things like that. I guess we'll start from there.

1:03:29 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
But you should write down the five things that matter. That can focus, right? And it's back to your marketing pitch. Parents. These are the five things your kids fucking have to know, right? And we teach them, right? And your kids are gonna love it, and they're gonna crush this. And then they sit in here, how are you gonna teach them? You're like, well, we put them in a game. And then once they graduate the game, they get to do it real world with their household finances.

1:03:58 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I think in terms of marketing for what you're describing, it would be good for us to be like, you know, come up with some estimate, you're going to have to pay for it. It's going to cost you.

1:04:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's going to cost your child's lifetime. They just take. I think that's it. It's use our app they'll say like $660,000. Back to being an expert. There's a set of things that every parent. Other kids don't know this shit. And you guys should know what those are. Now, you can disagree with them. But what are the top five things parents say my kids should understand coming in out of high school or middle school? And then what is your point of view? Who's saying, yeah, we think whatever they think or no, we think that's right. Like, I'll tell you mine, which is every parent is like, every Italian parent's like, I want my kid to do the best. And I'm like, we're going to teach your kid how to spend. That's way more important. Right back to the pyramid. Right? Or even before spending, we think earning is the number one thing you have to teach your kid. The number one thing parents do not teach their kids is how to fucking earn. Kids do not know the difference between a dollar a day, a dollar an hour and a thousand dollars. They don't understand the skillset difference. Kids know, I want to be a fucking celebrity or an athlete. That's it. Right? And everything else is the same, right? And you need to educate them, you know, like on the earning pyramid though, right? And what's the difference between making $10 an hour and a hundred dollars an hour, right? That there's skills difference, right? And why is it, why is it some people make $10 an hour and some people make a hundred dollars an hour and some people make a thousand dollars. What's the difference? And I believe that, anchoring kids on that is super valuable because that does drive like, okay, what's my career going to be? How do I make money? Right. And then second, it is spending, right? Cause they have no assets. So like learning how to invest is useless when you have no money. And so it's the biggest way you can build your pile is by learning to spend better. And parents totally love this. Right? This is how not to waste money, how to get a bargain, right? How to use points and miles, debt, not use debt. Why credit card debt fucks all your spending up. All of those kinds of things and how to spend with. And you could do the second all with family finance. And so it's totally active, engaging, super value, right? And then add as you build up, you know, savings, teaching them the difference between, you know, savings accounts and bonds and then equities and moving up that stack. Right, so back to your game, that's what you should be, like when I think of your game, it's like, it's okay how, all the different things I can do to make more money. Like on your avatar, I'm making $10 an hour, I'm making $100 an hour, I'm making $1,000 an hour.

1:07:58 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Totally.

1:07:58 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
My unlock for my kids, they're all like, I want to be Taylor Swift. I just showed them the fucking four billionaires list. I'm like, look at all the people on this list are richer than Taylor Swift. And there's one Taylor Swift and there's like 4000 of these, which is easier to hit. I'm like, just if you're lazy, like you either have to be the best in the world or like fucking there can be 4000 people better than me. Right? And you're like, huh? No, let's go the easy way. So When my daughter wanted to be a poet, I was like, okay, let's look up those frickin' poets. There's two parts, because in college, I was like, you got the college right, you got Oxford, make plenty of money. Oh, you've ruined it with poetry. Right? But then she's like, shit, but I like to write and all this stuff and want your kid's passion, you know, and so. So let's start a substat. Right. And so she started her stuff back. And so you're able to get her. And she wanted to do that because she wanted to do her passion. But she knew she had to make money because she didn't want to live on the boat side. And that's how you can solve a lot of these problems with kids. Show them the reality. Right. And they don't understand it. And that's why they make all sort of dumb decisions. I really do. Half the people who get these majors whether didn't know the day they signed it that they were stupid, right? They just were uneducated because no one ever told them. And I'm like, well, this is pretty easy to teach people, right? It's not surprising.

1:09:43 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
There's always like viral videos of people saying like, I've been paying this much on my student loan for 20 years and I'm still like less than half way through.

1:09:51 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah. People don't understand like minimum payments are like the dumbest thing on the planet, right?

1:09:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:09:56 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
No, no.

1:09:57 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So that's why it's like super valuable for us.

1:09:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:10:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
But the issue with the game app is like, we will have to figure out more novel and interesting ways to incorporate the educational stuff now. It won't just be, you know, click on the sponsor.

1:10:15 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
But back to the stuff, you're just like, you're playing Spain, you give the kids the option to get a credit card, right? Talking to 27% interest rates, and they can never make any in the fucking game and your little advisors like, hey, dipshit, your credit card debt is killing you. Hello, stop making the minimum monthly payment. Right? But they're buying all the other cool shit that they want, right, in the game. I mean, it's exactly what happened in our Miami, right, where that kid wanted to buy all the Christmas presents, right? And then he got totally fucked because we gave him a credit card at kindergarten. We gave a kindergartener a credit card and went crazy in the emporium and all the stuff, right, for Christmas. And then in January, it's like, oh my gosh, he had to pay all the interest rate. I mean, that kid was going home doing homework every day to earn credits and pay it down. And I mean, it was maybe his first grade, second grade, but I mean, he just overloaded. And now he literally asks his parents every month. He learned his lesson. At the end of every month he's like we're paying off our credit card debt are we because it's very bad that credit card debt mom dad. Right. And the parents love them. Right. But that's right. You can do the same thing in your game. Right. And there's not like grinding learning. You're like playing the game. It's like hey get fit. Like this is why you're losing. Right. Why are you losing. Why can't I level up? Why can't I get this?

1:11:50 - Unidentified Speaker
So anyway, that's you got to get it.

1:11:53 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
You've got to get that as your core and back to your thing. Just the few core things you're teaching. Otherwise your game's going to be too big and it's too complicated. You're going to be trying to teach too many things. You're like, there's a simple game. There's these three or five things. We're going to teach kids how to earn, right? Back to that same thing. You should talk to like, talk to the, like Ellen Sloan about, you know, we used to run the one when we talked about it, like at alpha, we're like, what do you want to be? Yeah, it was a workshop. I'm like, who do you want to be? Oh, I want to be a hairdresser. And you're like, all right, go on to Zillow. Wait. Okay. So, you know, you get $31,000, right? That's your income. Now go into Zillow and find the place you want to live. Okay. Well, you can't afford it. And so you have to have six roommates, right, to afford it. And then what kind of car can you get? And all these things. And we just, they literally just were on lock, right? Going to Google, going to Carvana, wasn't that back then, but whatever it was, right? And you can realize, wow, I can't live on this. And you're like, okay, well, and then you give them, you educate them on, well, here's how the difference between going from $15 now to $100. This should be like, every kid should be like, I'd die to play this game. Yeah, so make it super simple, lock down the few things you want to teach.

1:13:46 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
We're building credibility.

1:13:52 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
We want to get we're So we have schools setting up in September. And then I want to get dollars in the main area.

1:14:15 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So we're in Columbus.

1:14:18 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
For getting views, our spiky POV is that Texas Sports Academy is a sports media company. And everything we do revolves around sports media.

1:14:32 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
DOK1 experts right now are Roy from Quibi.

1:14:35 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
He had a great thread on how he got like 5 million views from Quibi in the first week by hiring a bunch of organic users and creators. So we're building that out right now. We're basically going to spin out Roy in Austin, Newcastle, Gainesville, Dallas, New Southern, and all the other regions across Texas for all the regions. So we just pay people to manage them and pay them off. So if they get a million views, we'll pay them. And then also, the other strategy we're looking at is overtime debt. If they overtime a debt order, they know a pretty massive media company around high school sports. So things happen to the local creator of that high school sports. Trying to replicate that strategy for high school students.

1:15:31 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And so that's the core of it, that's around the top. And we think we could scale that too. So here's the part I don't need to understand.

1:15:46 - Unidentified Speaker
What is your core pitch?

1:15:48 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So the core pitch is that your kids are wasting time. Uh you can come to the sports gallery we'll train you on everything you need to become a top athlete one you get sports training two you can learn how to build your audience you can make a ton of money um and that's that's what's actually important so we're training you to become you know the lived on or the uh the cooper plan Yeah, I think it's like more like a yes, I agree with our pin.

1:16:25 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
I think our core pitch is more like, in my opinion, these are the best schools in the world that a kid can go to. And so you're going to be the smartest kid that you know, you're going to be the best athlete out of any kid that you know, you're going to be getting the best education for those two hours. And then you're going to be training while your friends are at school. And so I think that's the message that we want to communicate.

1:16:50 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
um in our in our pits because that's like the actual truth and reality of it for any kid that has come to our school so um that's what that's what we've been um and So I love the pics, these are the best schools in the world. And you're correct academics, and you're smart as shit, and you're gonna be athletically awesome. I love that. Now, back to virality and message. Do you guys want to put anything in around school choice? Where does the vouchers come in, then, in your pitch?

1:18:09 - Unidentified Speaker
You're talking about our parent pitch, right?

1:18:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:18:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
We're also, as Tiger Wallet, we're also advertising GSAs in general.

1:18:22 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So we have short videos where our mascot is saying, OK, You know, like essays and 15 minutes, which can do school is bad. Your kid is being bullied. We could do is go to another school. The state will pay for it. Much better for your kid to time. We can see.

1:18:43 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Alpha or TSA specific? Where in the

1:18:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
In terms of like, in terms of parents hearing about a school choice, like we haven't strategized the way to put that in the top of funnel. But it is the first thing that they hear about one of the first things that they hear about from the coaches during the live event coach pitch.

1:19:27 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So you hear it mid funnel and you're like, Hey, guys, at the whatever the info session shadow that the info session in the shadow day, they're like, you know, this 15,000 of the vouchers, 10A that you can get or whatever. Now, back to you're doing, you're with Anna, and so you're talking to the local pay view. What's your pitch? Why are you doing this? Give me your pitch, I'm the reporter.

1:20:00 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yeah, sure. Our school, it's been 10, 12 hours.

1:20:05 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I don't think building an audience is going to be as a top line message versus just these are the best schools in the world. That NIL thing is going to be a subset of the parents who care about it. And you weaken your overall message of these are just the best schools in the world. What if I don't want my kid to build an audience or NIL? It's not, you know. As a top message, I'm not sure. What percent of your parents do you believe who are going or like my middle school is going to be NIL rich?

1:20:54 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So part of the approaches that we're talking to are focused on kind of And so with that, I percentage the parents are thinking about that. But as we scale up, I don't think it'll be that great. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. I mean, I respect them for that also.

1:21:18 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's a question, though, back to what... Here's a school where you're going to learn to be an NIL, to get NIL money. What's the headline you want, you to say about your school. Right? And the way you pitch it, I'm like, NIL is the thing that's most distinctive about what you said. Right? You're going to be building an audience and then NIL puts a image. Right? That's what the press are going to latch on to. Right? And are you fine with that? Do you have to decide if that's your It's the same thing. You're not leading with vouchers and it's down funnel that you talk about it. It's fine to be down funnel and talking about it. But if you put it in your top pitch, it's all in. And is that what you want?

1:22:12 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
One of the events where the coach was a pre-parents in a line where it was basically, you want your kid to go to one. Your kid's going to get four extra hours of training at my school while the competition is still And if they want to make it, they got to put in all the extra time, 20 extra hours a week, 80 extra hours a month. That's the approach. And that resonated pretty well for me.

1:22:37 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I'm not sure if that'll be the leading points with KBU, but that's one of the options.

1:22:43 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Are you building middle schools for D1 athletes?

1:22:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Is that what you're saying?

1:22:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Basically, yeah.

1:22:48 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
These first three schools are- I understand three, it doesn't matter. You're building your pitch for $1,200. Are you building 1,200 schools for D1 athletes? Because if you say you're a D1 athlete, any parent who doesn't think they're D1 is not going to go. And so you start to sigh. Is that what you're saying? Is all of your 1,200 coaches going to be like, yes, this middle school is a factory to make D1 athletes? It's fine if it is, right? I'm just, you got to, That's a very strong message. We have a middle school. Texas Sports Academy is creating twelve hundred middle schools that are D1 factors. Like if that's right that is. If that is what you're saying that is a very strong clear message that everybody can understand. I'm not sure that's the message. But it's a different message that these are the best schools you can send your kid to go to. Because I don't have to be a D1 athlete. I'd still want my kid to crush their academics and play sports again. You can have that without D1. But D1 is edgier, obviously. Yeah, your coaches have to be aligned. Right, I'm getting 25 D1 potentials. Right, it's just you're saying I'm getting the elite in each city.

1:24:31 - Unidentified Speaker
It is, right.

1:24:33 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
If we frame it more broadly around getting receivers, Are most of them focused on anyone? From the initial sample size that I have right now, yes. Well, you guys get to decide.

1:25:07 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Because if you say you're going to be D1, then you'll only get coaches.

1:25:13 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Like, when you go out, coaches, you're only, right? Yeah. I mean, like, you can accept it as customers.

1:25:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:25:21 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
And that's been an issue for years. It also makes our problem more complicated. Like, in terms of media, rather than having it be more broad or general or less specific. Yeah. That's. That's it.

1:25:36 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
The point I'm making with all those questions are, to get to a billion views, you have to have a really clear message. Think of GT school. Is your message as clear as GT school? School is super clear. We're for gifted and talented kids. We allow the top 10% in, we expect top 1% to These are the last humans smarter than AI, right? They learned four times faster. 1500 SATs by eighth grade. 10,000 people around the world entered a contest. Both our teams got to the finals, right? Only Americans to make it, right? You have an image of, do you want your fucking kid to go to GT school? You know who they are? For academic sake. They don't want two-hour learning. They want a third power hour. They want robotics and math, O and B, right? National spelling bee, right? You sit there, and when you talk about GT school, people know my kid should go, they shouldn't go, right? People are moving from other, right? We have 10 families moving from other states, right? And they're like, ah, that's my kid's GT kid, Ed, right? Five page thing about, right? All that shit, right? The GT, right? Mom and dad are fucking posting their kid's scores, right? And so they create a clear brand and a clear message, right? And you guys have to do that for yours, right? What is your clear brand and clear message for sports cap? And that's, you have all these different decisions, right? What do you want to do? And to get, you know, you have to nail that so that everything else can, right? That's the core of your point of view of what is your product, right? What is your product?

1:27:44 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
I actually assume you're like the one thing actually thinking about it. It's like, uh, I mean, thinking about it, it's much, that's, I think the opposite is like, we, we, like, in our opinion, we want to have schools that are closer to like mini IMGs, then closer to the current look like Travis location. Yeah. So in our opinion, I think like targeting the, the D one, like as part of our product is like, that's what we are. Yeah. It kind of brings us the parents that actually want that and the kids that want that. And that's what we want our school. To be. We don't want PE type schools. We want schools where it's like serious business. And like the parents can know that just from saying that that's what we're creating, D1 athletes. We don't have to say anything else.

1:28:43 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Everybody knows that. It's like GT kids. D1 athletes are the GT kids of athletics, right? It's just, they're D1. Everybody knows what that means.

1:28:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:28:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Compact way to say a lot.

1:28:57 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And you're just like and back to it. So if you want to do it then your pitch is really easy. Right. Which is Texas Sports Academy is literally in a middle school. Right. We are opening up twelve hundred middle schools for G1 athletes. One in every school district. Right. Because of the school choice bill that came out. We're going to open one in every school district, and it's for D1 athletes. And there's been sports academies, but nothing like this. First off, most sports academies, the academics suck. And parents are like, shit, you have to make a trade-off. There's no trade-off in ours. Our 1,200 schools will be the best schools seen as a district. It will be the best school district in the state, academically. It will be better than Highland Park. Like it's number one top right. I don't know if you can get to top 1 or 2 percent in two years or one year. You have to be careful because you need time. Right back to our cohorts. Right. But You could be like it will be measured on how fast kids are learning. You know you could absolutely say this measured on how fast kids are learning how much so learning, this will be the number one school district in the state. Right? Nothing will equal it. Like that's, boom, that's a totally legit thing. And you have all the data from two-hour learning. So that's an easy one. Second, we have literally, in each school district, are getting the best coach, various sports, because you're not specializing in a sport, various sports, but they are building, bricking the afternoon for serious D1 Apple. So they crush the academics in the morning, the afternoon fucking seven on seven or fucking right whatever drills and everything it's for a group of serious people who want to get started now it's not all sports all day right there's life skills we're teaching right and we are teaching some stuff like how to make money in NIL and financial literacy or audience building right and I have a big thing if you're going to be a D1 athlete. So we're going to get these kids prepared. Right? And what life skills matter to sports, right? Well, life skills, teamwork, leadership, all the standard sports ones, but then ones that also aren't usually talk like financial literacy or audience building so that you're ready for the NIL. Right? And you know, public speaking or whatever, if you're going to do any of that, you know. But that's, that is what we're building. And why is it now? Why now? You know, so KVU, you're like, what are you guys building? We're literally building 1,200 of the best schools in the world, right? No one's ever seen anything like this. First, academically, in two hours of aid his kids are freaking crushing AI tutor teaches them up they will learn faster than any they'll be learning faster than any school district in the state right it's gonna be amazing right here's proof that that shows it's gonna work right number two we literally have the best coaches right in all the various sports and they're gonna have for d1 athletes if you're a d1 athlete you're gonna be in a culture with other people who want to be d1 athletes Right. You crush your academics then you do sports in the afternoon. Then we have these killer life skills. Right. And why it's why the school choice bill. Right. The tuition is fifteen thousand dollars which is too much for most people. But now that you can get almost eleven and if you're ADHD twelve thousand dollars. Right. All of a sudden you're just putting in a couple thousand dollars for the world's best school. Opens it up to you know, you have to figure out 75% 80% of that. Right? And so that and that's why are you KVU and why drive time radio and why morning newspaper are you going to write about it? Because this is it. This is the future of education. Like you've been hearing about school choice and all this stuff, but it's never been available. And it's coming. Right? We have a couple of pilot schools. But in 12 months, we're going to have one in every school district. Right. And that's your right. That's your message. And then back to your views. Right. And all this stuff. It's all just pounding. Right. And so you have to make sure that message is solid before you worry about distribution. You have to have the product of the message. And so when you go to the website, right, it's just, right, and you guys are, yeah, welcome to the future, the best schools in America, right? And let me tell you, if you care about sports, fucking these are the best schools in America, right? And if you sit and say, you're like, yeah, these are like, But better, because fucking IMG didn't teach you any academics. Right. And you lean on the academic side to get the press and everybody else to be like, you're not just selling out for athletics. They're like, no, we're going to be freaking going to be the best. Our kids are going to learn more than any school in Texas. Two hours a day. Tutors enable it. Right. This is the future guys. And you can do all the positive stuff you like, We looked at what was available with AI and you're like here we go. Right. And we're like how do you make Do you want athletes. They have no time. They're over all these things are like all sucks. Right. And now all of a sudden you're like boom. They're not sitting in class wasting time. They're learning more and playing training. So. That would be. Get that message and then go see what coaches you can get around that message. Right. And it's just you're great. You put the stake in the ground. It's f*****g D1. Right. And this is it.

1:35:54 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
And we're having this conversation. Like if we had a coach.

1:35:59 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
We get on. We get on.

1:36:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Students that like,

1:36:02 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
He doesn't seem to have a message. Or we have a top athlete's cooler. What does he want?

1:36:10 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
He wants to create his own school. It's not exactly sports-focused, but whatever extracurriculars he wants to make him. Yeah.

1:36:18 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And so back to this is why you have to pick, because otherwise you just, if you're responsive to everybody, right, you're nothing, right? You have to say, this is what I, magnets, you attract and repel. And when you say you're D1, you repel, but you attract. Right. This is, you know, the Making this, I don't know if I'm supposed to send it to you guys, but I'm sure. Don't send it out beyond our stuff, but This is his. What does he call it? Category definers. So his whole marketing thing. What? He's done related stuff.

1:37:17 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
A different way.

1:37:19 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
There's a guy, Christopher Lockhead.

1:37:22 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I competed with him in the 90s. They had the worst product in the world. But he, this guy was a pretty good marketing guy. He did a good job, shitty product they had making it, the customers think it was good. But don't compete, just define your own category, sort of blue ocean stuff. He's like, if you're a startup, you don't want comparison. You want decision, right? Like Elon didn't make the sort of a gas-powered car. Like, do you want a fucking electric car or not? Right? It's a decision. Like, us, oh, you fucking want teachers? Don't come. I mean, do you want teachers or not? I mean, it's just, it's a decision. It's not like, oh, let me compare the teachers of the two schools. Oh, there's none at this one. I mean, right? And so it's the same thing. Like, you guys have to, he's like, all these entrepreneurs are like, my product is so fucking different. But then when they got to sell it, they're like, here, let me compare it to yours to make it look like yours. And they're like, why, why would you do that? Like go build a product that no one else has. And then go tell everybody, nobody else fucking has it. And they're like traditional marketing people will hate you, which is totally true. Cause their whole thing is, you know, and he's like, no, you, if you create your category, right. Airbnb, no one woke up and said, this seems like a Like when you originally Airbnb now, it's much similar, but when they started you like that's so fucking whack I remember my first time like that that stuff I was definitely repelled by right, but it didn't hurt them because I'm not fucking low-end Like I'm not their target Right, right, it's for a softball, right? College kids, right? I like yeah college kids should use this shit, right? I'm going to say fucking at the four seasons. But anyway, but now there's like high-end shit on it. Like, oh, oh, right. This is fucking super nice beach house. Anyway, when you create it, you want to create just decision around groups. And you're like, yeah, we're D1, right? And it pulls in the right people, right? It creates image, right? So alpha, like, you know, we used these marketing firms and I was just like, I took over marketing this week also. So they're all, all marketing's like going well, Jason's gone. And I'm just like, you guys are all, you don't get it. Like, here's what we're doing. We're finding founding families. Like our job is to go find founding families. We're not trying to, we're not adopting late majority people. We're like, also seems like every other school just better. Right? That's not what we fucking are. It's totally still, you have to go get, like, when you go into New York City, you need someone who's like, this is so whack. Like, oh my God, there's a new teacher. Everybody might, like, when I go out to a dinner party, everybody's gonna be like, you don't have teachers? That sounds stupid. Oh, you have screen time? That's terrible. You're poisoning your kid. And you need people who at the dinner party are gonna be like, no, my fucking kid fucking learned 10 times faster and then has all these life And you know what? It's worth a couple hours screen time. Right? You need to get the early adopter evangelists who believe they believe in your system and they made a decision into it. Right? You didn't say, oh, it seems like another school. And then when they get under attack, they can't explain it. Right? And so for you guys, it's the same thing. You're like, I'm going to you're going to find the people like I need D1. And I'm super excited about my kid being smart as shit, too. Holy cow, right? And the set of parents who aren't there, you're like, yeah, this isn't for you, right? Back to your thing. Oh, you're a PE mom or that guy who wants to start that school. It's like, yeah, we sort of do random workshops. You're like, yeah, what fucking do you want to do? This is like if GG school was like, yeah, sure. You don't want to do well academically, other shit. Yeah, okay. You'd be like, well, what the fuck is GT school then? Right? Like, when we describe GT school, kids who like academics for academics sake, right? You're like, ah, I know exactly what those are. Right? Now, and then we also say things like, we have GT kids at Alpha, but they don't belong at GT school because they don't love academics. They're smart, but they don't love academics. Right? So they shouldn't be. Because BT is yes, you're smart, but you also love equity. Right? And then if you're like, I know who should get in. Right? Now, there's a whole set of people think that's really bad. Right? L, my daughter is one of them. It's like, why would you call smart people? Because that's wrong. They should be with everybody and be normal. Why would you isolate them all into a corner? Right? There's all the tracking. Right? And so there's, it's a magnet. Some people like it and some people don't. Some people say it's really bad. Start putting the pressure for your kid to be D1 and knows that's really stupid. But I don't understand.

1:42:51 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
What? Everyone does it.

1:42:52 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I understand that there's a lot of people who talk bad about it, but it's good. But it's back to, right? Just like people don't like GT schools, but you're like, GT parents do. They totally love it. Right? They're like, my kid belongs at fucking GT school, right? And D1 parents are like, yes, my kid's fucking D1, right? They're D1. Now you put all the stats of like the odds of them, you know, getting in even like, you know, Bogdan, right? You know, he was named like top 50 last week, right? Top 50 in the country. And so all the, you know, he has like this, all these set of girls. Love it. And they were all calculating, like, what are the odds he makes the NBA, right? It's like 17%, right? That he plays in one game, right? And so, uh, anyway, but yeah, okay. So build a strong product message first. This is what we are. This is what we're not. And then you build and when you, and then you're marketing literature, and messages all around. And it helps you make decisions interact. Right. So. Spend time to get alignment around that around your message. But then it makes everything else really clear.

1:44:16 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
This was actually a test. I was thinking.

1:44:19 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
But like you don't want to.

1:44:22 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yeah. They're going to burn out. Yeah.

1:44:25 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

1:44:25 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I like it.

1:44:27 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
It's like so spiky like we actually need And so, yeah, the articles that Austin sent, I was like, going through those, like, we do need haters. And that's the one part, it's like, perfect part, way to get those haters in.

1:44:44 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yeah. The thing I like with people is, it generally means no scholarship for their parents. And so, if they investigate people in school, they will be reprimanded.

1:44:54 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I don't like to say require, but pay for it. And it will attract your serious coaches, right, and serious kids. It builds a culture, it backs it. You know, when you have edge on stuff, it also makes it easier to build exits. On PE school, there's sort of a slackerness to that, versus we're fucking D1, of course you're doing this. Yes, you are, right? School, yes, you're doing more, right? You can set the high standards, right?

1:45:31 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
It's like no surprise that we set it up.

1:45:35 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah, like, you're like, yeah, fuck yeah, you're doing this. We're D1. Right? You don't get to D1 fucking dicking around, dude. And you're in seventh grade? Get with it. Get your ass in gear. That's what they do at GT school. So that's GT school. That's right. I'll teach you schools exactly the same thing. Are you fucking practicing the SAT? They want 1,500 SAT by in grade Like fuck. Yeah Right. I mean people who are not GT like 1,500 by 8th grade is insane Right. I have no doubt you have a hundred thousand people in GT school zero There's a hundred thousand parents we're like Fuck yeah, my kid better be 1500. Right. And there's a hundred thousand.

1:46:30 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
See months. Right. Well, because the coaches that. So you guys should think about it.

1:46:46 - Unidentified Speaker
CFO3 agrees.

1:46:47 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Maybe it spits up a little because you have a spiky point of view and it's going to tell you D1's too hard for middle school, for 7th graders, right? Too much stress, too much focus, too much intensity. But you know, and one of the things you can do even in middle school is, hey guys, we're going to do some general, you can do general training, even if you're trying to be D1 in the sport. Right? Whenever I hear that argument, I'm like, well, you know, you can still say I'm D1 for the sport and then do other sports. Yes. Right? Or other training. Do they get more well-run?

1:47:37 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Yeah, I was explaining to them, most football kids in high school in Texas, in the off-season, unless it's like a quarterback, but in the off-season they're mainly doing like general speed and agility training, like for most of the summer and then in the spring too and stuff.

1:47:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So you guys took that too long, but you should lock that down and have a really strong message. All your billion cues will come from you have to start thinking about okay that's your pitch okay we've locked down now let's go get the coaches and oh well for the other ones and then here's our pitch to parents right and then when you think about the press right um Do you have a good edgy messaging and I can totally You know and it's going to be very good at hearing your message Calling up her network Saying okay, you all know about alpha I got something better for texas. I got bucket d1 middle school Right d1 middle school and it's going to be in every school district. It's all school choice, right? You always say alpha is too expensive. These parents are going to be able to get for $4,000 instead of $40,000 if they qualify for the voucher, right? You qualify for a voucher, this is $4,000, right? But you get the fucking two-hour learning that alpha has, right? Plus freaking these coaches Do you know. Right. Something like that. And so then you can you get that and that's how you can tell if you have a good strong message because you need a message that itself just goes viral. Right. The core of virality and branding is do you have some that's actually edgy and interesting. So make it that. And who are the, who's your, who's the distribution channel for this that really matters? Is this Instagram?

1:50:05 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Is this moms or dads?

1:50:10 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
It's his one brother.

1:50:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah. And how are you going to reach the dots?

1:50:23 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

1:50:24 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah. It's true. It's true. Yeah. Yeah. And do you have a website where I can just I will be fully educated if I go through the whole thing.

1:50:49 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
What's your brand is like this whole thing and

1:50:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
As a parent. It goes into high level details. So the parent page has not been And the coach side you're all set.

1:51:09 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah, coach side we're set. Do you have to tighten it up now that you're D1?

1:51:15 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
A little bit, yes. We're talking to 10 coaches a day right now. They're getting the coaches to say yes to getting started. Yeah, that's been pretty successful. More so now. That is the main thing.

1:51:28 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And coaches, what is, back to their biggest issue or anything? What's their biggest objection or what they like the best? What are they most excited about? To make money? Definitely making money building up their facility.

1:51:41 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
They want to do a school diploma or anything like that because there's a barrier whether it was buying the real estate or being able to afford it, weren't able to afford hiring teachers. Now the AI software handles that and the voucher makes it so that they can pay for the Yeah.

1:51:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:52:00 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
The biggest objection. They just don't want to start. Yeah. Yes.

1:52:05 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
And then another another thing they like is thinking a lot of athletes or a lot of these coaches they had like a latent desire to like start a school. Yeah. But like when you mentally go through like how do I start a school like you run into just too Roblox.

1:52:27 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Your platform solves all their problems. You turnkey it. You're like no one's had a turnkey school before you're a turnkey school.

1:52:38 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
You make it so easy.

1:52:41 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Double click school. Right now we're doing a lot of these things manually.

1:52:47 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So we can learn exactly what we need to know. So for example we have eight or nine coaches that are now recruiting students. They've all signed these letter of intents so that they know that they have to adhere to these academic standards. One question I had was, we are already planning for this guy training at the end of July or early in the year so that they know how to prepare. Just for opening up their schools, are there any other big events I think back to your, you should have a total marketing and you can do it at the same time you're training them on the opening schools.

1:53:42 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
You need, um, back to your video and your virality and stuff, you need to have a, you need a template of content the school heads have to generate, the coaches have to generate. So you're like, here's what you're gonna need, right? You're gonna need testimonials, testimonials from the kids. Five testimonials from the kids, and you want them to say this, this, and this. Right? You're gonna want parent testimonials that say this. You're gonna want clips of the kids that follow the script. Two-hour learning. I'm out. It's noon. I'm fucking playing sports. Right? Here's me at 3.30, you know, going home knowing I got no homework, you know, or whatever. Exhausted, because while my kids, while my friends are getting out of school with a bunch of homework and they're headed to practice, I've already had four hours, right, or whatever. You should come up with, here's the media you want them to generate right and whether it's you bring the film crew or they can just you know do it with their phone or get the kids to do it you know whatever it is you'll want to do that kind of marketing you want to coach them on what content to generate that you need for your market it's for their marketing right Yeah. And you're just that's so you're. Right. You want to back to your. It's the same thing like you're a startup school the same way we go after founding families. Right. You want to show them about you know. Back with parents. I don't know how much as coaches they meet with the parents, right? But with academics, with the school thing, there's a set of parent stuff they have to do. And so I train them up on the parent stuff as well. We have a dean of parents, right? I give talks sometimes about how the academics work, and they don't have to do that, but, you know, Our guides, every session, every other session, our guides will meet with parents. You know, parents can say, you know, parent teacher meetings. Just figure out the best way to do that. But when you think about the training, there's a two hour training. OK, here's how the academics work. You should have. Here's how you deal with your parents. Right. In a school environment versus coaching. And then here's how you do money.

1:57:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:57:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And then you're getting the same thing. It's just all got to be in a box and templated. Yeah. For them. And then they can. They can do that. If they're dealing coaches they generally know how to deal with parents even if they're not. They're like oh what do you do on a school? They've never done a school at all. Right. His parents would be like, oh, is there a parent-teacher meeting? Right? Their parent will ask that. Right? We're like, all the academics are in Dash. Just log in. Right? Just log in to Dash. It's right there. But you have to create the brand and the message. And they have to follow. Right? That's why I like your contract and what you're doing. Here's our standards. Here's our academics. Right? You should see, like, we use Dr. Yeager's 10 to 25, high standards, high support, and we make every guy read it. And you should just be like, okay, you guys all have to read this book. I don't know if there's an athletic version. I mean, I totally believe. Actually, Dr. Yeager is totally into athletics, by the way. He coaches his son's fucking baseball. He's huge into athletics. And so you could have him come talk when you get them all together, right? And back to your message, right? He's such a, you know he's one of the top five child psychologists loves sports he will get involved and give you guys credibility like when you're talking to you know you know the news when you're talking to when you're trying to get press and they're like who are you wahoos right and you're like no no literally you know top five child psychologist dr jaeger from ut right literally is coach you know, the models to make sure that we're not burning kids out of D1, that they love school, right? And that our coaches follow his high standards, high support model, you know, 10 to 25, right? We have that. That's why we've hired him to, you know, do the Alpha Motivational, right? Because you're like, oh, you're all just extrinsic pain kids. It's actually some academic you know, blessing shit.

1:59:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, you get Coach Carter, too.

1:59:41 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yeah, I get Coach Carter. Exactly.

1:59:44 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Not all those, right? Yeah, you guys should get, you should definitely watch, I mean, there's a thousand of them, right? But you should have your top five sports movies. And you're like, this is us, right? This is us. And you have to decide if last to the first or you're taking an elite team who's all dysfunctional right and you're fucking with them into shape right there's a sport movies are basically we're in last place we're gonna win the championship if we work hard and there's usually on that team one guy right and they convert them and then it goes the other one is all these elite players were all dicks for whatever reason right and then it's all teamwork and getting that together but they started as really good but then whatever broke them apart and then they come back together that arc but you should get them and be like yeah this is us right right and you need your theme like what is what's your equivalent we're the last human smarter than ai right which all the people in tech sports cap Right. And because of your name, Texas Sports Academy, you can totally lean into we're fucking Texas. We're the best. We're the best in athletics. Right. This is it. Right. In fact, you can totally have arrogance and bravado because everybody in Texas wants Texas Sports Academy to be the best. These are the best in the world. Right. When school choice passed, we're like, we're going to have the best school in the world, we knew exactly what we could go get. And we knew we had to go get the best coaches in every district in Texas. And then we took the innovation of frickin' these AI tutors, put them together, school choice.

2:01:39 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
This is it. This is the future of education right here. I think a lot of people are asking about if there is being franchised versus being fully coached. And you're talking about it's not quite but it's more on that side of the spectrum. And that's one thing that I'll be thinking about because right now it's feeling like a franchise. It's D1 Middle School, like that's where you're gonna coach. And that's a very different pitch to be in life. You're coaching so you have your own school, or it's like, okay, I feel like it's not working.

2:02:16 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And if you're gonna be D1, right, You can still be the same way. It's your coach. It's your facility. It's your program. It's your program. But only sign up if you're fucking D1. Like I, right? Just guys, our brand is D1, right? That's why people are coming. That's it, right? This isn't PE, right? And if you're like, I'm Texas P.E. That's a different thing than what we're talking about with Texas sports school. Right? You are, it's not, like you have, like, give me an example of a sports owned facility that you're like, that's just not what we would want.

2:03:08 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
There was one guy who runs a football facility, indoor soccer, and he's focused on, you know, teaching life skills through soccer. Yeah.

2:03:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

2:03:18 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Like, so for him, would you be like, you'd be, you'd go to him and you'd be like, we're D1. We can't, because everybody, our brand's going to be D1. And so someone's going to come to your thing and be like, dude, you've got a bunch of people running around watching the soccer game. Were you part of this discussion on staff days? No. Oh, we should bring this up because I, I had a long discussion on staff days with sports academy people with the flagship. Guys, um, uh, around the same thing, which is, I was like, the problem you guys have done is you have low standards. You have no steam. I, you know, we're sports Academy and you're telling me there's kids who fucking don't play soccer. They watch the soccer game. I'm like, what the fuck is that? Like that, that is low standard. Like, if you're coming to Sports Academy, you're gonna fucking play. Now, you don't have to be the best soccer guy. Right? Because it's not D1. But you're fucking out running around playing soccer, not sitting on the sideline watching being like, I don't like sports. Because they have a set of people where the parents are like, Oh, I just don't want them to be sitting at their desk. And so they're gonna sit outside. I'm like, this is the like no like high standards right and so so their standards they're basically gonna have two standards they're gonna have honors track which is d1 we are making d1 and that's our honor track and their non-honors track is you are gonna run a freaking triathlon when you're 70 okay and you're like okay that creates an image too that's not watching a fucking soccer game right so that's your non-honors track which is I'm not d1 but I'm freaking right I love sports I'm into it whatever it is right drew right I guess she was too but you know she's out freaking 55 playing yeah She had to downgrade tennis to whatever, what's it called? Crickleball, right? She's getting old. But she's still playing on a national team, a semi-pro team or whatever. And so you're like, that's what you have to be. You can't, like, what have you guys done, right? And so back to standards. As soon as you let go of standards, would argue I'm texas sports academy and like some of the you know one of the moms jensen called me she's like do you understand these people text sports academy don't like sports like what the fuck what are you talking about how did we let them in what are we doing it's texas sports academy how did we you know and jamal was like oh I need to let people in to hit my number and I'm like guys you know we have a rule guy tag say yes or no. And so sales always wants to hit their quota. I'm like, but guys, you're the ones who have to deliver the three commitments to the kids. So you can veto anybody anytime, right? You let them into your class, you're accountable, but you don't have to let them in. And they're like, oh, we felt pressured by Jamal. I'm like, to let people who don't like sports in? Like, what the fuck? How did this happen? Right. And so they're fixing it. Yeah, that's your problem.

2:06:59 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Like oh, I'm trying to teach life skills all the shit and also, you know fucking people not even playing soccer Yeah, we're riding Came back from Dallas one in our time Last week ago. Yeah And we just met with your man that curfew and then so we're coming back driving back with Jamal and yeah, they're you can see the disconnect between like trying to fill up the school and also like replacing, filling up the school with high standards of sports. And then also the fact that I think in my opinion, I have ideas of how we can, cause like, in my opinion, like, like Travis is like our, it's our flagship. So like, it's like what the man reputation, Texas Sports Academy is going to be until we like are able to like replace it with like a different school in terms of like the main marketing. And so but in my opinion I think like yes they could use a gym and all this other stuff that they don't have right now but I think they're my idea to make that school even better is to if we want to keep it like it is and let all those kids stay, we can do that. But we could just have like five serious athletes that play soccer and use that soccer field or like, uh, um, some kind of like serious athletes, like training there. And then we could actually have good content coming out of there rather than like, we'll go to the website, like, uh, it's messing around at recess or something.

2:08:48 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And so, uh, but like, think yeah I think they're just like so back to this I want to be fair which is first of all it is terrible business to have low standards to hit quotes that is the dumbest thing you can do right there's there should be no pressure anybody who's good should be like I am ruining whatever I'm doing if you attract the wrong to your business, you are F. Because you can't serve them, and then you have bad references, and then you're fucked. Right? It just, it doesn't work. Like, if we're letting kids in, and they're like, I don't want to play sports, what are we, what are we doing to the kids we let in who do want to play sports? You're like, this is so weird. What if we let in non-GT kids to GT World who are like, I don't want to do academics, you're like that would be such a fucked up school like it would never work because you're all confused what are you right and so anybody who's like I'm lowering my standards to hit quota you should be like I'm lowering the standards so I ruin this company and go out of business right I mean cuz that's where Sports Academy is that right so now I'm like oh so now When I go fucking D1 or you're going to fucking run a trap on your 70, it's a lot. And the moms that we let in and now they're pissed. And so now they're going to fucking leave bad references and tell everybody how fucked up it is. Right. Right. And so now you're like screwed for a year to clean that out. Right now, luckily, you guys are going to dominate back to that. And we will get that is now we have to have this. If you guys are on D1, then this is easy. We can get D1 and then we can overcome the stuff where we're like, we're rebooting and opening a thousand schools. This was a practice year on our flagship, learned a ton, right? Super great. We know what we're doing. Here's who we are, right? It was like when I took over Alpha three years ago, right? I got in front of the parents. I'm like, guys, it doesn't matter. We're changing everything. There's fucking no teachers here. I don't care. Who had teachers, but not anymore, right? It's some rage quit, right? And I deal with bad references. Like there's a hit sheets coming out on McKinsey and they interviewed some people from 2022, which was when I took over. And then like down in Brownsville, they all quit, right? They hated me. And, you know, they're like, this is bullshit, you know, and you know, they, so in this article, they're like, you know, interview them and you know that's now we've gotten through it obviously and they literally have to go back that far to like the day I started to find people who aren't happy now but uh but that's the whole point like and we have to do that with texas sports pattern do it right and we'll just get it and if you get the strong powerful brand of who we are we also need to go get you know and one of the things you can do is we can go get athletes who want to do this, right? But if you guys are literally D1 and we're going to build it and you have this really strong pitch, we can go get fucking Max McCorkel can call up the head of the fucking, the owner of the Lakers and the Dodgers, right? And be like, all right, we want to do it. You know? And he's going to be like, he has these things he wants from us. And I'm like, all right. Right. And we'll do it. We'll get fucking celebrity endorsement from him in order to do it but we can go get athletes right and so you can make the website fucking what celebrity athlete endorsements do and we can go get those right and so you know when if you have a really sports message right and this is who we are and you get some good coaches local coaches right we could and we should focus it on Texas stars celebrities right we should totally get Texas ones and we should think we want right who are the ones in Texas that if we had that would be really valuable and then say okay we can add those And that gives you whatever juice to overcome whatever we have to overcome. But let's go get great people for the flagship or your little ones. Nobody knows flagship versus these five you open in August. What's the difference? No one knows. And we can always, oh, we're building fields up here. It's going to be really nice when it's done. That's why I was like, Ignore fucking flagship. Go get a billion views on your message with 25,000 hits and no one will even know a flagship, right?

2:14:07 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
And that's a positive, you like it, right?

2:14:12 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
But spiky point of view, super strong brand. Who we are. And do you believe. So the question back to your coaches. Can you go get 1200 coaches who are like I'm D1. Yeah. Are you like shit.

2:14:30 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
We're screwed.

2:14:31 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
But we're not going to get any. We're going to get 100 D1 coaches. Yeah. Yeah. And then you're all set. And then you don't mind giving up your little soccer.

2:14:44 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
No one wants to be one. Yeah.

2:14:47 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
No, that's a good signal that D1's a good thing to go after when everybody loves it. Right? When you're attractive. So, no, it's like, it's back to the founding family for Alpha. Right? When you're setting up a city, I need to go get a Bill Ackman or a fucking Nepal. Right? I need that, whoever's in Monterey, Malibu begging us. Right? I need the frickin' owner of the Dodgers. Like, you gotta help us set up L.A. Not for your sports one, for fuckin' Alpha. Those are your sports one too, but you're gonna frickin' I'm, you know, it's like half the buildings or something. Right? Like, I need to build it. Right? I wanna host some shit at the forum.

2:15:40 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So what does the ball do at your home, bud?

2:15:44 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
He's giving us the building, but actually he's not. We're going to end up paying for it. He is going to fill it, and he's going to be the lead parent. He's going to be the lead founding family. Bill Ackman is going to be the lead founding family for New York, and Neval is going to be the lead founding family for San Francisco, and we are going to have them in a very good-natured, fun, way have the finance bros versus the tech bros of who's going to build a better school. So like Naval's going to be like, we're fucking vibe coding for our workshop. And we have Sam Altman coming in to fucking talk, right? And Bill Ackman's going to be like, fucking vibe coding. We're doing an investing conference and Mike Milken's coming to give a talk, right? And we're going to have, and you know, they both have 8 billion Twitter followers, right? And so they'll be doing this on Twitter against each other in a very good-natured, uplifting way. And then we will be recruiting other founding families in other cities. So we might get the Citadel guy in Miami. And if we get the Citadel guy, we're like, Miami has entered the chat, right? And here's what we're doing in Miami, right? We're out on a yacht in Miami doing We're going to the Bahamas. But part of what we want to do is we're looking for those early adopter families who make a decision. And they're like, this is totally different. I'm going to put my kids in. Yeah, put your kids in, obviously. I'm putting my kids in this experience because this is a radically You know, I mean, if you're leaving your kid from Forest Man, a top three school in the country, it's like taking your kid off Stanford. I'm going to do this other thing, right? And of all, it's all like, yeah, I was homeschooling my kids because no school is good enough. And this is the first school that's better than homeschooling, right? That was good enough for my kid, right? And so in every city, we're like, we're going to find those families, right? And then from that, build up, you know, all the people and the stories, and that builds up our content, right, where then it'll become more acceptable where we can have a 250 person waitlist to then open up a big school two years after we open these micro schools. So that's our goal is to get 10 of them by August, and the kids go on our roadshow And then we're looking for those people. You know, we're not going to get it in a ball or bill each city, but in a lot of them as well.

2:18:39 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

2:18:40 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So it's in the balls of a quarter building. Yeah, no. And they're all good. And that's, you know, and that's, and bill is basically in charge of New York because, you know, part of our whole pitch always was, And this is a good example of the difference between traditional marketing and startup category defining marketing. Because I remember having this fight with the New York ad agency. I was like, look, in our sales pitch, when we're at the info session, we want to be like, it's hard as shit to be a founding family. Because you're going to have to go get the other 25 families. Now, if you think that's a pain in the ass, you should leave the room. But if you're like, thank fucking God, I get to surround my kid with the kids I've always wanted. I'm like, 10 years ago, Max McCorkel was like, I'm going to go find the 10 kids I want to surround my kids. And like, she harassed me for two years until my kids showed up, right? She is going to get and make sure she's curating her group. And if you're like that, this is your opportunity. And both Bill and Naval are like, fuck yeah, that's why I'm putting the kid people. Putting the people into the school, right? He was like, like, cause his wife's like, I'm not moving out a horse, man. Cause it was, it was like, you know, it feels like we're putting all those people on a plane and we're all flying. Cause all of us are going to fucking move to the new school. Right. And that's very much involved the same way. Like I exactly who I'm going to recruit to the school. We're in Philly. Right. And that's your founding families. They see what everybody else sees the negative. They see it as a positive. Right. And and that's when you know you have a good target market with a magnet like pitch. Right. And so because if you have people who are like well I hope this school is perfect. You're like oh it's not going to be perfect. Right. Well the buildings not as nice as Horace Mann. It's not as right. All the people aren't there. The family network's there. What about the gala. Right. I mean the Horace Mann gala is like right. This big society event. Huge fundraiser. We don't have one. Right. You know if you read like the book Crossing the Chasm. Right. It talks about finding those early adopters who are excited that they're innovators and early adopters, because they see it as an advantage. In this case, they see their kids only having fucking fresh academics and two hours of ed and learn life skills and see a totally different thing. Late adopters, right, are the opposite. They're like, I want the whole, I want this to be as close to horseman as they can. Right. I want this. I'm a late adopter. Like, did you buy a Tesla early? Or did you just keep waiting till the product kept getting better and better, and finally it, right, there was enough charging stations everywhere, and the range went up everywhere, and finally on every dimension, it beat a gas-powered car, and then finally you're like, okay, boom. Right? Or did, when it first came out, you're like, okay, this is awesome, we're gonna get rid of this. And you're like, wow, okay, you really can't drive across the country with this. Well, I don't ever hop. Do I drive across the country? Never. I fly. So it's fine, right? But it's that kind of stuff, right? Well, those are the people who are like, well, Horseman has green space, right? And Dodge was like, dude, we're in fucking downtown Manhattan. Green space is like fucking the Hamptons. It's an hour and a half away. But these kids, they're like, can we do like a central park workshop? We're like, yeah. He's like, is that good enough? Right? Our grounds don't have green space, right? But there's some families who are like, well, I'll wait till you have a campus that has green space. Those are laid about, right? And so that's what you're looking for, those people who are like, yeah, my middle school is going to be frickin' 25, D1, frickin' hard course.

2:23:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
From the perspective of branding, you always said that it's going to be the premium at the top of 4.3. It's like the eventual vision that eventually you're going to add the bells and whistles of, like, the bus man, which is, like, 60 things in the world. Or is it, like, this is a totally different model for high-end private education? Eventually, you're going to learn that this is just the best product, and you won't complain about the other stuff.

2:23:26 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
What's the other stuff that you think of

2:23:28 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I mean, like, I also went to, like, boarding school. I remember, like, for admissions, like, the stuff that they're to appeal to has very little to do with academics, right? Just like, all right, the academics are good enough, or they're better than some other bigger schools in this area, and here's everything else. You have your biggest campus, it's been a year. So is it alpha at the top line, I'm actually going to build up to something like that?

2:23:53 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So back to its product management, which is, yes, we're going to be high-end. And then where we right? Might be different. Like Elon's like, I spend all my money on the auto type, not the luxury interior. Right? So it's still, it's a hundred thousand dollars fucking cyber truck. But you're like, wow, this is like a B class interior. But he's like, Oh, I do every, the money goes elsewhere. Basically your mail is fine. And that's why I don't win by as far. Right. And he's like, whatever. And he's like self-driving. He's going to get all the women to just like click the button. And so that's just a product management decision. He could do the luxury interior if, because he has the price point, but he'd rather spend it something different. So what I'm saying is, I don't know if I'm going to have a huge campus, but I'm going to spend like one of the decisions. I was like, you know, we keep talking about how I'm going to take $10,000 and make the AI cheaper. I'm like, when am I ever going to tell Bill Ackman? And of all, I'm not using the latest AI model. Like, aren't I always going to want to use the latest AI model for their kid? And if I can make two-hour learning, one-hour learning, because I fucking have the latest one? Shouldn't I spend $10,000 a kid because they're giving me $75,000? And so I'll be like, yeah, I don't have the fucking campus, but your kid's now learning one hour, right? And so you have to still decide where you put your product management. Now, some things we don't do. Today that we're absolutely going to do, and we're going to be 10x better. Everybody does it for their parent network. Parent network, most powerful things are private schools. Ours is going to be 10 times better, right? Because we're getting the founding families who really care, and we're educating them around this stuff. Like, they literally want, I mean, Bill Ackman has spent over 20 hours educating himself. I'm fucking tweeting out, like, learning science articles and books. Like, we went onto Amazon. Just buy me all the books that should be delivered to my house so when I lay in, I can read them all. I'm like, okay, if you're the 10 best books on learning science, seven of those guys work for us. And he's like, oh my God, can I talk to Carl? Because this was really interesting. So we're going to have a parent network that's going to be super awesome. Like financial literacy, like your fucking app. I'm like, let's go get the best parents in the world, give us some coaching. The investor segment, Let's have Bill Ackman. He's like, hey, I got a 45-minute YouTube video. I'm sure Naval's like, I'll come teach, whatever. So when you look at the product, we will, we're always making, you know, Alpha 2.0, right? It's going to be better. And part of what has changed over the last year, well, we've always said on the high end, I'm going even higher end than I expected. I didn't think I'd be charged $75,000, you know, today, like I am. But I'm pumping it into fucking real estate, which I hate. But the customers are like, do it. I'm like, OK, I'm not an idiot. So we will be different than what they are. But we'll get safer and safer, right? They're never putting an ICE engine in a Tesla. The Tesla is getting good enough. But in two years, no one at the high end is going to want their kid to do six hours. It's going to be so done. Our test scores are so ridiculous, right? You know, we're just, my daughter's writing a subset. It's so ridiculous. And you're just like on every dimension, right? And you're like, how many years of this and how many kids do you have to before you're like, okay, I won't like it. And if you're kids in public school, I don't know what to do, but in private school, you're gonna be like, you know, Bill Atkins, like you have to talk to the board of course, man, because they need to adopt to our learning.

2:27:54 - Unidentified Speaker
They're going to lose all their people.

2:27:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:27:57 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
I guess more of like a philosophical question about what model school to read.

2:28:01 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah. What is school? What is the point? Totally. And I believe school, school 20 years from now, right? If you think about it, I believe filling kids brain with shit really matters even in a time of war more than ever I guess. And so there's always going to be that right. There is a curriculum of shit you want to put in a kid's brain. You want adults right to help provide high support and high standards for your kids. So there's going to be adults in this bill right. And there's going to be and workshops, right, to teach kids stuff that traditional schools don't teach, or sometimes teach it after school, extracurricular. And yet, I think parents are going to be like, they're going to demand more of a school than they do today. Our school is, you know, we're defining our school as 10x better, and it's 10x better on love of school. If your kid doesn't want to go to school instead of vacation, you're going to be like, wow, I sent my kid to a shitty school. If your kid doesn't have a 10x learning engine, but they learn 10 times faster, you're going to be like, OK, I'm sending my kid to a shitty school. If your kid isn't learning these crazy great life skills, if your kid doesn't have 10x better guides who provide that high support, the biggest problem most parents in middle and high school is they nag their kids to high performance. All the friction in growing up with parents in high net worth is you either ignore your kid, and you're not around enough, so you feel guilty in holding high standards, or you nag the shit out of them because you're like, somebody has to keep a mantra. At alpha schools, the guides hold the kids to high steeples right like these kids get in 790s not one of their parents had any idea until they got the sports they're like holy shit right because the guides and the kids themselves and the culture right are holding like the dad though baddie's dad is like holy shit this is amazing I didn't think baddie was going to get a 790 don't you read our shit 15 You know, and, uh, and so imagine you can outsource the worst part that ruined your relationship with your kid. You can outsource it to the fucking guide. So you can just provide unconditional love and support to your kid. Every parent's going to be like, okay, well, I want that. It's really expensive, but I definitely want it. Right. And then you get into the guides. And then the fifth part of what the world's best school is the character of the kid. The community and the culture and the classmates, sort of the cohorts, right? That whole thing where you're like, because these kids are doing amazing shit in art, high standards and great guides, they're actually building character. Doing hard shit is how you build character, not dicking around watching a soccer game, right? And the guides hold high standards, right? And then you get into the classmates, like, When your cohort's a bunch of GT kids, or maybe the last few have been smarter than AI, you're going to be like, I have to have my kid part of it. Or shit, I want my D1 athlete with all the other ones who are crushing it academically, too, versus being in school where all the athletes are like, fuck it, we don't do academics. Right? All of a sudden, you're like, oh, I like the culture and the character and the classmates. And so those will be the five dimensions that I believe will compete on better than anybody. There'll be a there'll be a parent one, but on the inside, that's. That's what we're that's our product. That was out of stat base, that was our output was. This summer, and we need a better than 10x, that's like a tech bro Silicon Valley concept that we need to. Rename, but fundamentally to disrupt an industry product 10 times better than anybody else. So Alpha is 10 times better than any other high end private school. It is one because of A, because of the five, the three commitments, plus guides, plus character, community, culture, and classmates. And so those are our five dimensions. And then we define, so we went through with all the guides. We're like, how do we measure that love of school is 10 times better. And we're like, when kids want to go to school instead of vacation, or the high school kids ask us to go year round. If you ask parents, they're like, holy shit, that's okay. That kids really love school. Right? When you say 96% of our kids say they love school. Parents aren't like, they're sort of skeptical. They're like, whatever. Right? That's not 10x better. Right? But when you say a And, you know, instead of vacation, you're like, okay, that's crazy. Right. That there's no school. They can imagine that. And then learning into the kids are learning 10 times faster. Here's our test scores, two hours a day, just go through each one to find how you measure it. It's just like Tesla. You're like ludicrous. Like before, when Tesla came out, I remember all the fucking electric cars were like the leap. They released shitty cars. Got it. Like fucking, you have to really want to save the world. To drive all these pieces of shit. Like you have to really want to save the world. And Tesla's like, fuck no, we're going to be fucking faster than a goddamn Porsche. Right? We're going to fucking smoke those cars. Right? And they made the car awesome. Right? Now it was expensive as shit, but it was awesome. And you didn't have to save the world anymore. Right? You're like, oh, I guess I have. Right? But it was, you bought it because it was an awesome car. Right? So. And that's what these right that's your sports camp. Right. It's the best schools in America changing everything. You get to lean into all the Texas and sports school choice. Yeah I tutor. And I'm into learning. Right. I can love doesn't I mean who doesn't love Right? It used to be interviews. I mean, talking to Katie, except at the newspaper. Station. Like, hey, kid, how was your day? First of all, it was yesterday. Right? Well, that would be mine. That's Robin Hood for kids has to be. He's about to be like, this is the fucking greatest thing I've ever seen before. Right? Every middle schooler has to be thinking, you have to have it in your head. Like, the middle schoolers are gonna fight over Michigan 40 to play that fucking game. They're gonna beg their parents to buy the upsets. Right? Fucking parents, right? And they're gonna learn so much shit as part of it. You guys have to do the same thing. You're like, what the fuck is wrong with this kid? It right it's going to want to do this the same way they're in a funnel like at what point do you think parents would be like no you're learning enough on mission 42 let's cut your right they're never going to cut it off on mission 42 they're going to keep eating that as much as the kid wants to play right and it's yours you have to have the same thing like oh my god I can teach you all this shit It's going to be super successful in life. Because financial literacy, how to earn, how to spend, how to invest, all that stuff. Those are skills, right? Those are more valuable to most parents. Those are more valuable to most of the academics. I would say I did my life that way, right? Fucking buying worth piles of money on there. Everything else is downstream of it. We have to teach the kids this, right? Right? What else do you need?

2:36:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Anything?

2:36:54 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Have you seen any of the new offices? No. Where are they?

2:36:59 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
111 Congress is one of them.

2:37:02 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
111 Congress? Wow, that's an OG building.

2:37:04 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
That was here, that was one of the ones I, that was here when? In the 90s? Is it old and shitty? No, it's amazing.

2:37:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
They redid the whole thing.

2:37:16 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's cool. It's better than 860.

2:37:19 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Better than 860.

2:37:20 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
816 Congress another one or 16 Congress and then Which one's out, it's like it's like a wavy building like three or four blocks away some of them It's on the block over here. Okay. What's your, what do you, what do you guys?

2:37:52 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Uh, we voted, uh, Trilogy.

2:37:56 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
We voted, uh, uh, one 11 is the best one. I looked at that like 20 years ago. It has the 8,000 square foot gym in there.

2:38:08 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
That's like, that's the same quality as like five times.

2:38:13 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
We were in the Crosstown.

2:38:15 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Well, sorry, we, I mean, back in the 90s, we had four office buildings. We had thousands, right? It was all, nobody was downtown then. We were up on Shepherd Mountain. You know, that is where the Pennybacker Bridge is. We owned all the buildings. We owned all the buildings on that hill. And then across the lake, that was all ours. And then we move down to the cross tower. No, you're like right down the street from Elk. So if you're doing 111.

2:39:08 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
I don't know if we're doing it.

2:39:15 - Unidentified Speaker
That's what we turned in.

2:39:20 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Number one pick. Let me ask.

2:39:26 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
How much space is in total space?

2:39:33 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
I think it's like 17,000.

2:39:35 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
No, they're going to, they're trying to get some leases done because Republic's opening up. Oh, okay. Republic. So that's one of the nicest buildings now. So anybody, you know, basically what happens in buildings now is it's all the highest end companies who want in person And so they want the best buildings. So the best buildings are still super expensive. But what happens is, like, CrossTower used to be the best building on campus, right? And now it's empty. Because everybody who was in the best building, as soon as any of the other, the new ones are all better, because CrossTower was built in 2000, 2001. So it's 20-something years old now, right, than these other buildings. Brand new, right? So like Vista is Republic. They used to own the top two floors of Bronx. Now they're like, okay, now we're top two floors of Republic, right? And so all the best, all the high end people moved to the newest buildings. And then what was the best moved down. And so who gets screwed are the class B and C buildings, right? And so those Right. And we try to get those responses. Okay. So like LVR. Yeah. Right. He's like, they called us because they kicked us out two years ago. They called us like, like come back to, you know, and I'm like, Oh, I hate you guys. Fucking hate you guys. That was our number one pick. Right. The building was terrible, but it still is. No, Matt versus he's doing, but like one 11, I mean, one 11 has got to be a 30 some year old building, but they renovated it, obviously, in order to make it super nice and put in a big gym and all that kind of stuff to attract the best tenants. So it's one of these tough ones, if you own buildings are hard. But you got to pump all this money in to be really good, right in order to get the rents. It's just like I didn't have a good product. And Product sucks. Okay, so 111, that's great. That'll make it easy. I can go to Alpha. I can walk down there. Walk between places. Stop by any time. Stop by any time. So, I don't know if $18,000 is going to be big enough. I'm pretty sure it's $18,000.

2:42:15 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Oh, whatever. Whatever.

2:42:16 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
How are you going to grow? I guess you're right. Oh, there's two floors that we could probably take.

2:42:25 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
Oh, cool. They're both the same size, but if we need another floor, I think we can get it.

2:42:30 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Right there. No, capacity is definitely, you know, there's a lot of empty space in the office. Aren't you guys just going to do, aren't you guys just going to have AI do everything for you?

2:42:41 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
Yes.

2:42:42 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And you won't need any employees? Yes. Well, the office needs employees. Right? It's always sitting there. We need an office for all the servers. Yeah, exactly. No, I was reading one about Amazon. Amazon's like, we hit peak employment now. They have a million and a half employees. A lot of factories, a lot of warehouse workers are just going to be robots. They're like, we're going to grow like crazy. And it's back to all the things you guys have learned, but just, you want to be on the, it's the same thing as office building. You fucking want to be in the class A, because everybody's like, I want the class A, I can afford it, the rich gets richer, that whole concept, right? And buildings, that's true in employees. When they are, you get superpowers. And if you don't have those superpowers, you've been automated away. So like being N-2, because you didn't adopt it, AI, you're fucked. Right? But if you're N, who's using AI to freaking give yourself superpowers, you're going to be like, oh my god. Right? And it's just making sure you don't. You know, it's you're the Uber driver. Right? There's no using AI to help yourself. Right? You're N-2. There's robo-taxis coming, waybos. How many uber drivers do you think there will be in austin right and and so if you are an uber driver you're like I need to be using ai that right do something else uh driving on bike those guys will still stay around sort of start automating them right I think I'm good for the atlantic one third You guys are going to be able to have way bigger companies. And the key though is just be at the leading edge. Just make sure you're the class A office space. It's like the school stuff. One of the things you're always looking at is putting, like a lot of my SaaS companies, And you're like, yeah, they're fun. You don't know how fast they're going to go. You know they're going to drop off. You're like, oh, wow. Right? But one of the things you're like, what are they going to do here? You know, it's going to be near schools. Parents 20 years from now are dropping their kids off somewhere for the day. And they want to drop off with other awesome kids. Or they're going to put tons of good shit in their brain and learn life skills. Right? All the things they're doing. In a building with adults, right? So you're like, okay, I can count them. That's not going to get struck, right? Now the rules inside the building, you know, Alex is trying to build this friggin, you know, guy, robot, fleshy guy, emotional support thing. But anyway, you're like, Yeah, it's totally going to happen. I didn't mind, you know, I, I think I told, I don't know, I guess I'm talking to my kids, I have to deal with it. I told a lot of kids, 10 or 12. Right. So we should be the social chairs for them. Right. Make them feel welcome. I'm going to give you guys a party budget. Bring them out. You know, dinners or bar night or whatever. You guys can do whatever you do. Right. Whenever. You know, make them feel well, right? We want, we want to be super successful, right? Not just because we're OG Gauntlet, but we want that. I'm a shareholder of Gauntlet. I've been Austin's biggest investor for the past five years. That's because once again, that's the kind of shit that's going to like, right? Who doesn't want working? Right. Smart shit. Work their ass off. It's awesome.

2:47:49 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
So yeah, so let's get them.

2:47:54 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
even if they're going to go to other companies. I mean, I think the, you know, what's my view overall of the economy?

2:48:30 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I believe, I really do think like we're sitting here, and I think I've given this example before, but I really think it's a good one. Imagine you're like a farm worker in 1880, right? And 80% of America is farm workers at that time. And some guy comes in, and it's like, there's a thing called a tractor, and it's coming, and it's going to do the work of a hundred of them. One person is going to sit inside, it's going to be road controlled, and it's going to fucking do all the shit. And if you're a factory worker, if you're a farm worker, you're like, that sounds really bad. That sounds like the worst. World is about that. And he's like, no, no, no. You know, UBI, you need UBI for everybody. There's no jobs, right? And they're like, no, oh, that's not the problem at all. There's going to be so many jobs. First of all, some of you are going to be working in factories, in fucking cities, and the cities are way better, there's super flood, right? And you're going to flock to the cities. You're going to beg to be in cities, right? Or you're going to have fucking an office job. And you're going to do something called surfing the internet. And that's all coming. Right? And that factory, that farm worker is sitting there and he's like, that sounds whacked. Just let's hope this tractor doesn't come. Right? That's fundamental. And that's basically where we are today. We're all the farm workers hoping the factory, hoping the tractor doesn't come. But the tractor is coming. Now, there's a transition from farm worker to factory worker to white-collar worker, and now we're in the white-collar worker to what happens after. Now, the part that, you know, greed, shrunk earth, right, any of the creative disruption, the core reason that capitalism works, and it's why some people hate capitalism, but the core reason why it works, human needs are unlimited. Unlimited. And so, like, when they sat there at factories, when the tractor came out, or the one former Greenberg, I think, was like the first one, right? Like, shit, people could just fucking work four hours a week. We do that whole field shift, we don't have to work, right? And we could keep that same standard of living and only work four hours a week. The problem is everybody's like, wow, to these factories to make more money, right? And that city life is a lot more fun than this boring rural shit, right? And so you move to the factory to make more money, but then you're working 40 hours a week again in the factory, right? Because you want the higher standard of living. And then it's the same thing with White Cop, right? Oh shit, now I gotta go to university. Fuck, I gotta get educated. God, fucking years of this bullshit. I mean, farm workers back then were not like, getting a fucking PhD, right? But now so many people, right? Because they're like, oh, I want that white collar because oh shit, I want to buy a fucking Tesla, right? And so the higher standard of living you always want. So what's going to happen is AI is going to automate all this shit like Tractor did. And if you want to keep the same standard of living, I totally believe you can work four hours a week, right? Shit's going to be awesome, right? But the problem is, you're going to be like, that's an unacceptable standard of living. And you're going to be like, OK, I've got to get the new skills. And the new skills are going to be, oh, I'm going to have to use AI. I'm going to have to do stuff that AI can't do. I'm going to frickin' run around, write more physical work over here. I'm a personal trainer. I'm a coach. I'm going to do things that AI doesn't do. And that evolution is going to get just like it's done for the last 20 years, right? And I see it. But there's always, you know, the Luddites were like, we don't want these. We're going to go destroy them, right? In textiles, they were like, we don't want this automation because it's taking jobs. And we don't want to retrain, right? If you say you don't want to retrain, you sort of get caught in capitalism. And if you say, I'm willing to retrain, it's really good. Like, that's really the skill of, are you willing? It's just like, oh, if you're like, I'm a programmer, and I'm going to fucking keep code and C, fuck you with the retraining. I learned this shit in college, and I'm really good at it, and I don't want to learn anything. And if you're like that, you're sort of fucked, right? But if you're like, you know what? Sign me up for Godwin. I'm going to learn all this new shit, right? And if you do, then everything's going to be good for you. But that's the crux is you have people who are like, I don't want to change for whatever reason. Right? I mean, we all sit here and you're just like, there's Uber drivers. You know, like, what are you guys thinking? Like the end is near guys. It's coming. Right? And you talk to some of them and they're like, no, people are going to want human drivers. And you're like, you're so delusional. Do you actually really believe that shit? Like nobody believes that except you. And so you're in denial and you're not going to change. And then one day you're going to be out of a job. And then, then what are you going to do? Right? And so how do we get those people to be like, you know what, I'm going to fucking learn some thought, right? Or whatever else there's new things. So I'm not worried there's not going to be new jobs because they've always come. You never know what they are, but they always come, right? And the GNP and the productivity is going to continue to increase. We're going to get richer and richer and richer as a society. And we'll be able to fund a few jobs. If you want it, but the problem whenever you do those things it funds at the old standard of living Right, like I mean if you take us welfare Right and you compare it to the average income in 1935 Better to be on welfare today than fucking median income 1935 right and when social security was set up, you know late 30s early 40s, right It sucks now just to have social security with no other income, right? No point of a setup. That was considered awesome. It's just nowadays, you're like, okay, that sort of sucks, right? And so that's always the problem when you get the UBI or whatever sort of supplemental income at the place where it's set, right? Is standard of living just keep rising. And you're like, people don't pick standard of living. Absolutely. It's always right. Right? And, and so, I mean, like poverty is defined as bottom of 20%. Right? 20% income. So by definition, we're always going to have poverty because it's always bottom of 40%. Right? It's not, it's not an absolute bar. And so when you look at all these things, you know, we have enough money. As a country to afford whatever transition we need to go through, but you have to have a country that's willing to go through the transition. And that's one of the things Merit is the best at, and that is because the entrepreneurs, because the entrepreneurs are gonna be creating all these cool companies, that's gonna create all this wealth, right? That is gonna create jobs, you know, whatever there.

2:56:13 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
I only have a fear of UBI because I've seen a lot of papers where they've tested out on a small scale, And so I do see like, yeah, like the Google stuff, like the only advantage entrepreneurs really have is that they can grind, but also like, there are some like risks that like Apple, Google, they can't take like risks without Apple intelligence support, it sucks, right? So that's the kind of like, the advantage I see that people have now, and also the development of AI. I just wonder if we can change that, I guess, with all like, chaos and everything. You can see it going and getting automated pretty quick.

2:56:51 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah, but the economy, once you have a look at it, is the economy growing faster? And I totally agree with you, like when you stop challenging yourself and all that stuff, it's just like it happens in high school. You just start to play video games, scroll TikTok. Yes, of course our teenagers have fucking mental health. They fucking sit there and don't do anything and they don't accomplish shit, right? You got to try hard stuff and do hard shit, right? That's always And if you stop that, at any point in your life, you're fucked. Right? It's like, I'm like, retired. Are you fucking kidding me? What would I do? Right? I'm like, fuck that. That's the end of it. I'm not looking forward to it. At all. Right? I'm like, so excited that I have 20 years left. Right? And then in 20 years, hopefully longevity fucks me.

2:57:43 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
You know?

2:57:44 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
But it's, you know, and so you have to keep people engaged. And as a society, we have enough money to do that. And then the question is, do you have a culture that fights change or doesn't? And in general, America versus every other country, we are the world's best, right? We are the world's best at this change. Like I look at other countries, I believe China's gonna do it, right? They have some issues, they're fucking totally gonna make it. Europe I'm sort of worried about. I'm like how how are they gonna make this change? They're trying to make everything lockdown and illegal and all this stuff and you're like that can't work. Like you need to change and you can't litigate your way out of it or regulate the way out of it. So I mean I I think relative to every other country, I think in 10 years, the U.S. Will have gained a new thing in it. Because at a time of massive transition, the U.S. Beats everybody. Right? The U.S. Beats everybody. The biggest thing for us, like given the current administration and stuff is, you know, if you get into comparative trading and stuff, we're basically like, we need to restore a bunch of industrial manufacturing. And in order to do that, we can't reshort it the way we offshored it. Right? We offshored it because we were like, fucking somebody's willing to work for a dollar a day. Go have them do a dollar a day shift. There's no one in the U.S. Working for a fucking dollar a day for that pyramid you're building. There's no employee in the U.S. At that part of the curve. Right? Because you just take welfare, right? Or bond tax.

2:59:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:59:31 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
No one's going to work.

2:59:34 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
for less than a while.

2:59:36 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
So we have a minimum bar. So that means when we reach shore, we need robotic factories, massive automation. We need Tesla factories, like the SpaceX one they built. It's a thing, a circuit board, printed circuit board manufacturing facility in the world, I guess. And it used to be the only place you could build printed circuit boards And Elon's like, fuck that, what are you talking about? We're gonna fucking build it right here. Now, it's automated as shit. You have high skilled people retrained, you know, to do it. And so if we reshore with robotic high-tech factories, we could, right, that'll all work. If we try to reshore that Chinese factory or that Mexican factory, where the people are working for nothing, and just put that same factory in America, well, fuck, this is gonna be no place. Or if there are, our costs are just going to be through the roof, right? That printed circuit board factory, I'm sure, is printing out the circuit boards as cheap as you can get in China, right? Elon's great at, you know, he has to make his little, his printing mile for the Starlink, the antennas, right? He's built a 6 million-a-year antenna.

3:00:59 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
It has to be low cost.

3:01:11 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
That's the comment you made about probably and he had Y2K and that was like our doom. Like, I don't know what, our doom then was all the computers are gonna stop working, Y2K. And I'm like, seriously, everybody thought that. Like, no one would be in an airplane, right? When it flipped over and everybody's like, it's gonna be the end of the world, all the nuclear bombs are gonna go off. There's some fucking, some programming is all fucked up.

3:01:47 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
Like, everyone's just- And all the computers are out there saying, hey guys, we literally made it this way.

3:01:52 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Just add to one.

3:01:53 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
There's no one out there that can see that.

3:01:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It was, it was one of those things where it was fear mongering and, you know, and, and so it was, I mean, I was not worried, but it was definitely the public was worried. And, uh, and I think a lot of the shit, you know, where we are now is I, I think this is the biggest tech trend we've ever had. Right. I'm super bullish. I think it's going to be awesome. Right. And, and I do believe America is going to need this, you know, this transition. And if I was young, this is it. Right? Because AI gives young people more superpowers that, like, of who it relatively advantages, right? It gives intelligence and wisdom to young kids that they could fucking have. And you used to have to have 30 years experience. And The ability of the young to just wipe out the old people and all the old people well, like that's totally how I see this, right? Because it was like this where the, you guys are going to be able to build a house that used to require the 25 years of experience. You're going to be a senior bang engineer, not anymore, right? And so your ability to tap into wisdom and wealth, you're like, how should I run HR, right? Fuck, it took me 20 years to figure shit, right? And you're like, oh, AI's gonna give you like a step-by-step, right? And so the ability of the young to build, who always want disruption anyway, but they never have the capital, all the old people have the capital and the wisdom, and the young people fucking have. They understand where the world's going, and they work their ass off, right? And now, you basically have given them lots of brains and wisdom. And you're like, oh, the world's perfect. Right? I think you guys are going to disrupt the shit out of the world industries, and all that wealth is going to exist. It used to be I could just ride off for the next 20 years on my SAS, right? Right. Sure. And now I'm like, oh, it's like that's going away.

3:04:21 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
Right. You're like the second software.

3:04:24 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's not as well. So the cancellation rates, cancellation rates and software at all all time highs. The the the net new software that was sold last quarter. I just read a report this weekend that net new software is the lowest it's ever been. Right, so new growth, right? So they're not growing. Taking out AI holds that shit, right? I mean, if you look like right now, do you want to be salesforce.com? Are you like, fuck, I wish I was salesforce.com, right? I think you're like, aren't you at your peak? Now, he's going to buy all this AI shit and try to take the properties making and transition to AI. Or let's take Amazon. I'm a huge Amazon shareholder, okay? Graph yesterday, Amazon, you know, the cloud owns 40% of cloud spend. Owns 40% of it, right? Dominant collector. It's what made me a shit ton of money because I bought right before anybody did. And that made me, so now I decide, do I sell it all or not? And I saw that they only have 20% of the immediate ships, but they have 40% of cloud computing. They should think maybe they're going to shrink from 40%, don't you? Why don't they shrink to that? And that's to just train them to make up the other 40%. And that's the debt you're making. Like, I'm literally sitting here saying, am I willing to make that the trading is going to be good enough. Because so Google has 20% market share and they're buying 20% of the Nvidia chips. So you're like, Oh, plus they have CPUs. So you're like, I think Google cloud is going to crush it. Right. Amazon, uh, Microsoft's like 30%. They have 30% of the chip They're like, oh, and they're having that fight with open AI and stuff. So, you know, but they're doing fine, right? Microsoft Cloud is good because of open AI. Amazon is 40% of revenue and only 20% of the chips. So you either believe bucket tranium in AWS is going to be just as popular as having the video chips or AWS is going to shrink. Right. And Oracle has like, 3% market share and 12% of interest.

3:07:07 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
And so you look at all that and you're like, yeah, exactly.

3:07:13 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And so Amazon's not going to lose its workload of, you know, on history. The question is of all new spendings, they're going to relatively share. And just for everything, isn't that whole concept that you're dominant 40% and they're losing the AI race to the new guys, right? Isn't Salesforce going to lose the AI race to the new guys? Aren't the big old guys all going to lose, right? And the fast accelerating one, right? Isn't Google, well back to Google, their cloud's going well, but isn't their search box, right? The same report that was talking about Amazon. People, 18 months after they start subscribing to chat are doing double digit percent less, fewer Google searches. So like you buy chat, you can see it just start going down, your Google search start going down. And you're just like, when does it ever stop? Right. We're like, Apple, Apple is trying to buy from Lexington. That is trying to fucking buy everybody. Right. I mean, it's just, All these big guys who have all this money are just like, what's up? Right? And in general, I extrapolate that to old people who aren't becoming, how many old people are fucking putting a hundred hours a week in a gauntlet versus young people? The old people are like, ah, I got plenty of money. It's all great. But you know what might happen to some of those socks? There's a ton of rich families in New York city who for a hundred years have lived off their buildings, right? And then post-COVID, right, post-remote work, and they have now class B and C buildings bankrupt, right? Big old rich families who are bankrupt because the office gets scraped. And so it's just, it's transition. And the young guys, right, who have AI are going to win, right? Let's take universities, right? Or let's do one that's near and dear to my heart. The private schools in America. Let's ask, here's a question for you. How much do you think the private school market is in the United States? Like, just fall apart. How much private schools, what's the revenue of private schools? What, a hundred billion? It's somewhere between 50 and a hundred billion, right? And so, and what do you think, those all run, they all have the words in their box, who are like teaching fucking AI, keep it out, screen time's bad, right? All this stuff. What do you think, fucking, their ability to stop alpha from taking all their revenue, right, or Texas Sports Academy or GT School. Like who do you want to battle in 10 years for that 50 billion dollars, right? And if your answer is the legacy, then you should think, okay, well things aren't going to change as much as I thought, right? You should feel that the the tractor didn't come back. If you're like, Alfa's gonna wipe out all those, right? And everybody is gonna be like, obviously I'm not gonna have my kid in class for six fucking hours a day, but that's not necessary when I'm rich enough to afford them not having to, right? Then, right, then you should be like, you wanna be an Alfa guy or a beat guy or an Alfa head of school, right, where you want to be building, right, that's the future. You don't want to be the head of school of Exeter Academy. And so, and just take that for all industries, right? How fast is the transition away? And the more GPs Right. Do you want to be. How about all the pension funds that are in the U.S.

3:11:45 - Unidentified Speaker
car companies.

3:11:46 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Pretty happy with that. You're like wow I bet all those retirees are loving it. Because they all hate Tesla. And autopilots and all this bullshit. And they're going to wake up one day and be like what happened to my retirement. Right. And the faster the young kids crush them. Right. The harder is for the old people. Now, they have all the money anyway. Who cares if their shit gets cut in half in general, right? They own all the housing and all the shit, right? But that wealth transfer, I believe, is going to be more. Like, everybody's worried that all the old people have all the money. And I'm like, young people with AI are going to take all the money. Now, the young people who are in denial that they're not fucking learning, they're you know, not doing the transition. They're fucked too, right? But in general, I think the young people are going to be more aggressive on it. The old people are going to fight it. And AI is so powerful that, right, the wealth will transfer.

3:12:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
Do you think that these companies that You know, one of the things that happens, it depends on the culture of your company.

3:13:11 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Are you willing to change? Right? Just how much are you willing to change? But take Google. What happens when search goes on?

3:13:29 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
So all of a sudden, how about this? You have to fire 50% of Google.

3:13:36 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Would Google's culture require a 50% layoff? Can they handle it without just exploding? If they can, they'll make it. But there's a lot of companies who, as soon as you have to start shrinking and like, block like wholesale, right? When you're a monopoly, you used to be backed up, right? You're like a cop, right? Everybody fights it. Who are you, right? And you just protect the old people, right?

3:14:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

3:14:11 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Versus the new ones, right? I mean, Google literally should have been open. How about perplexing? Like, how the fuck is that thing taking off? Right? Apple's now like, shit, I have to buy perplexity because I'm about to lose my Google search rep. Because that's how it's being declared illegal by the government. It's the $20 billion that Apple gets from Google. It's about to go away. Yeah.

3:14:41 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
Yeah.

3:14:42 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Well, what do we get to that? Google keeps it.

3:14:45 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
Wait, how about they don't turn it in?

3:14:49 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Well, yeah. Well, that's Google's going to buy. So Apple's going to be buying perplexity to be their search engine.

3:14:54 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
So you're saying that if they do that, it'll be over, what, again, $20 billion? Yeah. Apple's going to be the default, right? Yeah. Is Apple going to be their own search engine?

3:15:04 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Is Apple going to be their own search engine? Yes. Apple will be buying perplexity and have their own search engine. Oh, they're going to be perplexity. Yeah. Okay. I mean, they wouldn't buy. You can't be dumb enough to build a Google search engine. In general, my view is that all antitrust law does is right before the incumbent is about to get fucked by the market, it jumps in and diff around with them. Google's about to fucking lose. What are we doing? Companies are about to fuck Google over. We don't need the government deciding, oh, that search deal with Apple. That's the bucket. Who's making that decision? That seems so random. There's nobody qualified to make that decision. It's just some guy making some shit up. You're like, why? I trust Apple to negotiate the shit out of it. The government, what are they doing involved in it? If Apple ever thinks I can fucking make more money by buying Coke Black City, they're going to And do you really think it's not fair that Google has some advantage over Apple? That that's an unfair negotiation? What the fuck are you talking about? Right? I think Apple has the leverage in that negotiation, not Google. But they're going to go take it from Google. And then as soon as they do that, or they're going to sell off, you know, and then you know who really gets fucked? The open source browsers, because they get all their money. Those will be able to. Google will be able to pay, right? That was how like, that was how Mozilla, which was really important back in the day, it's all funding, right? And they're going to let them, they're going to be restricted from funding Chrome anymore. Yeah. That's how Google makes, yeah, Google buys. A friend of mine, an ex-Trojan guy used to run on Mozilla. Google would give him $250. To add a little bit of people on it. Yeah, default search. And so anyway, and they're going to tell them to stop funding Chrome. And I'm like, that can't be good for the internet. Is that really good for the internet to have Google stop funding that shit? And the government's like, yeah, you're the same as Dave. It's all fucked up. I mean, Google's already fucked. Just let them go. There's some curve. Right? That was like the whole Microsoft AT&T trust. Right? That was like right at the end of Microsoft's reign. Right? And it wasn't the government idea of what they were doing. It just was done. Right? When you have a monopoly, you basically are just like everybody in the world is after you. And it's hard because you're really powerful and you have a monopoly. But you can't beat the rest of the economy forever. They get you. Right? The market, innovation, something, your price is too high, the country, whatever it is, right? And so the government should just let it all play out. Obviously, that's a lousy, but I've never seen an antitrust thing where I'm like, oh, that was just one. Right? Like, it's Google, but that doesn't seem personal. Oh, wow. Yeah, I feel better. You sound super buzzed up, man.

3:18:30 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
And of all the companies that we've talked about here, you think a lot of them are kind of dying, but do you think?

3:18:39 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah, maybe it's open AI. Open AI is like hostage to Microsoft right now. I actually think Microsoft has all of them. They're negotiating. They can't go for private. They can't become for profit without Microsoft agreeing to share because of all their deals and shares and all this stuff. Microsoft has to agree. Microsoft can literally go to the court and say, I back Elon and XA out and open AI is false. And that is the lever. And like, I've been reading press reports where open AI is getting upset with Microsoft. And I'm like, you don't have any leverage in this situation. You created this fucked up legal structure. You gave, Microsoft gave you $13 billion. You sold your soul for that, which was a good decision at the time. But now you've got to face reality. So I don't know what's going to happen with open AI, right? Because Microsoft has all the power. First of all, they get 25% of their revenue until 2030. Microsoft does. And so you're just like- just they get to cut the revenue, not in addition to the stock. Plus they get profits up to the next hundred million. I mean, they just get, they cut this deal. That's just unbelievably Microsoft. And open AI is trying to get out of it. And open AI is trying to get out of it by threatening Microsoft. And I'm like, Fulton, I don't fucking, right? There's a win-win where they could figure it out, but there's also a case where people get involved and win-wins don't happen. Look at Elon and Sam Altman on AI itself. There's a much better win-win. No. So I don't know what happened to OpenAI. Now, what they do have is the world's best consumer brand, JPMG. And that really matters. That really matters. I don't believe their models will be best in the world. Like, are they going to be, is OpenAI, is GPT-5 going to be the best model at the end of 2045? I think so, yeah. Right? I don't know. I don't know that that's a true statement, which you're like, huh, but Do I believe the most consumers are going to use Jigsaw's UPT? Is Jigsaw's UPT going to take all this market share from Google search? Absolutely. Even if it's not the best model, even like three of like the next Google model, right? As a chance, it's more likely to be better than Jigsaw's UPT. But Jigsaw's UPT, bye bye Google. Star will have 10 times the users of Google, even if Google has the best engine, right? Now, Google's cloud engine, I think it's going to be great. I bet it takes care of Amazon, right? But you saw OpenAI just signed a huge deal with Google Cloud. I was like, wow, that was really.

3:22:05 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I didn't realize I was saying that at all.

3:22:10 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Microsoft does they have to prove? Any data center deal Microsoft's like I don't want any more of your training business. They only want tricks Microsoft's basically like people are building too many data centers It's like the dot-com boom and they're like we don't want to be building them. We're gonna let Oracle build Like this whole Stargate. Yeah, we're gonna let everybody else build them Microsoft's still building $75 billion worth of data centers, but they're not building $250 billion. They're like, that's too much. And they're like, when the downturn hits, we don't want to be the person with the most data centers. We're going to let somebody else have all this. Now, if there's a downturn, they're geniuses. If there's not, they gave up a lot of revenue. Those are the big decisions, right? You're CEO, you've got to pick it. The same way Amazon said, I'm going to have half as many NVIDIA cards, chips as my market share, and I'm going to make it up on trading. God, that chip better be good, Verizon, WPA.

3:23:23 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
Right?

3:23:24 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And there's no being anthropic. Anthropics got to be good, right? And obviously, blog code and all that stuff, good so far. But this year, you know, Opus 4, like, okay, still not freaking out yet. But, you know, Opus 5 in December is 100% based on, you know, how good the training teams are. And then next year it's training in three. Hope they're good.

3:23:51 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
I'm a little skeptical, but like, I think that you did that, like people would add 80% of what they have or whatever it is, but you didn't, the market hasn't Here's a question.

3:24:14 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Do you guys use more I spent today that January, a fuck ton of money.

3:24:36 - Unidentified Speaker
A fuck ton of money.

3:24:38 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I spent versus a year ago, I had $200 subscription to fucking everybody, right? I mean, it's just, right? Everything. I mean, I'm using it, right? And is that going to go down? Do you really think I'm going to spend less a year from now? Right? Your spend is going to get back to being bullish. I'm like, you know, there was that thing on the post where some guy was like, uh, I was thinking about fog code, but then I comparatively positive, a junior developer to build a team. I could just have clogged code do all this shit. So you're gonna spend a ton more money on clogged code. Right? I sit and do back to superpowers. I sit there and analyze all the test scores. I'm going to sit down tomorrow with Kate, and she's going to write her flip stack on this. And we used to have a whole team who had to do what I'm going to do with her, and go through it. Right? Going through all the math scores, let's analyze this, compare it to that, and here it is. Right? And it's like, my cost per hour is really expensive. And there's just no amount of AI that helps. That's not worth it. Ever. They should charge me $1,000. Right? They should charge you guys $1,000. Right? What percent of your salary should be spent on AI?

3:26:22 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
Right? 10%.

3:26:23 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
I mean, should you spend 10% of your income? Should your company sit there and say, whenever I pay a program, shouldn't I give, like, 100% of the salary that I got? Because it gives you superpowers. Like, if you want to take your most expensive employee, you've got to do it. But pretend you're a best employer, right? You want to take your best employees, and you want to give them as much AI as you can have. And if they say that, fuck, it's equivalent to their salary, you go, OK. You totally can do that. Each of you, I would spend $200,000 on you. But think of how many people you don't have to hire when you're running. Think of the agents that you are I'm not fucking running to it at all. Because remember, AI's cost, right? The latest models keep getting more expensive, which you do so much more. But the same AI, back to the cost, right, is getting graphically cheaper. You know, GPT-4 is like 99.5% cheaper, right? Because any flash model, any nine billion model these days, right? The cost fucking nothing, right? Is as good as people old before, right? And so that part keeps me cheaper, but you're like, no, I need the newest thinking model. I need to think more, right? I need more shit. I need these FCPs to do all this shit. I need 20 agents at once doing all this shit, right? And you told me people have to pay. And so AI costs, right? In fact, that could be more bullish, that there's not going to be like, oh, I don't want AI. Like, OK, OK, all the self-driving cars, we don't want those. Right. No, like, here, in fact, because I was talking about vector of price, because I'm always like, oh, our AI for school is going to go out with less than $100, and it will for a certain IQ. But for alpha, I was like, I got to stop saying that I'm going to spend less than $10,000. Right? Because one of the things we're doing is we're trying to figure out, you know, Sloan was 1540 SAT. Sorry. She was 690, 790. She was 739. And we're trying to get her data. Right? And we're trying to analyze why the fuck she's not doing better. For practice, S&T tests, right? And so we're just running AI through all her sessions, right, and trying to figure it out. And basically, with human assist, but just fuck tons of analyzing, a lot of it, which is always very expensive, we're like, she is doing careless errors, a ton of careless errors. Right when she knows she should know that material right she's mastered the lesson but she's missing that question on the practices right and there's always people like oh you're not focused careless errors but then it was the oh shit she doesn't know her multiplication she never learned them and so cognitive load theory right still gloating all right there is no change find out without burning so much fucking AI to watch all the videos, figure all that fuck out. And I'm just like, when am I not going to spend $10,000 plus kidding if someone's paying me $7,000 in tuition? And the answer is, I'm going to use the latest model to give you the best coaching, slowest, best coaching to figure it out if I can get two hours down to one hour, right? And so I'm just like, that's true of everything. Do you want the Waymo car to go better and the RoboTaxi You're like, build a bigger data center, crunch more. Did you see the Waymo paper that came out that proved Tesla was right? And you're like, do you not want to train on the bigger data set? Of course you want the bigger data set. You know, the Waymos are all range limited. The Tesla, no offense, I have one. I'm super skeptical on this road with that. This model, I mean, because they haven't given a real release to the cars, the Teslas, So they had four months dedicated of all their GPUs just to RoboTaxi. And they're not rolling out fast. And I'm like, that has to be a really good trading run. It's got to be up here versus where I am. Because right now, my car could not do RoboTaxi. There are too many things that go wrong. Like, what the fuck? Like Waymo, I totally trust, don't have any problems. But my Tesla is not a 99.9, which is where you need to be. Right. But they're probably running 400,000 fucking Hughes, right? For four months. And you're like, yeah, right. Elon's what spending a billion a month on fucking data center tips, a billion a month. And you're like, this fucking, these cars aren't yet. Right. And so anyway, I just, I'm very bullish on all this. I think it's all gonna work, but the transition, if you are not moving forward on the transition, if you are stalling, that is really bad.

3:32:03 - Unidentified Speaker
That is really bad.

3:32:05 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Imagine you're one of these high-end private schools for the $50 billion. At what point should you run a pilot where you only have an AI tutor about it? When should you run that pilot? This year, this summer, in August, a year from now, two years from now, three years from now, when are you going to finally run that fucking Bible? And when are you finally going to transition all your teaching?

3:32:40 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 2
And how many students are you going to lose to Texas Sports Academy now?

3:32:48 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Because the parents don't want and we're attracting all the parents to do That's why when you why you want to make it a choice is part of what you're doing is you're building a mission You're getting all the good customer Right. This is my Ford could never like all the legacy guys couldn't get all the electric car people went to Tesla Like why the fuck would I buy a Ford whatever? Right? They weren't electric car people. The people who bought a Ford something were Ford. Were like, I buy any Ford things. But they weren't electric. And so they were bitching about all the fucking electric limitations.

3:33:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

3:33:28 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Versus the people who opted into electric fucking bought a Tesla.

3:33:32 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

3:33:32 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
And that's why the legacy guys can't switch. And I'm kidding. Everybody who wants no teacher is coming here. And all the people who don't want teachers are staying at Horace Mann, so how do you fucking ever switch? And there's a point at which it's gonna be obvious they should have, but it's too late. It's too late.

3:33:59 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
And then, God, I would hate to have them stop at all.

3:34:05 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
They're all nonprofits, but whatever. They're all nonprofits. You can make like $4 million. If you're president of a university, you can make like $4 million. That's what you're down. Right. That's what the, that's why Harvard's got a $50 billion in the bank. I mean, they, they, they made dumb investment, but they have $50 billion investment. Well, they, well, if you bought a 30 year bond, You know, it's a 30 year bond. Now you can sell a 30 year bond early at a discount. And they're in a lot of, uh, private equity, which you can sell early. The question is how big the haircut was, are you in a good, like, if you're in my tables, shit, fucking, you can sell that shit five seconds for a hundred cents. I'm going to say shit's good. If you're in some of this, shitty old stuff that owns real estate in New York City. Yeah, you're taking a 50% haircut and stuff.

3:35:44 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
Is there a way to get accredited for non-profit?

3:35:49 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah, there are profits to be accredited for non-profit. There must be some causes. Yeah, there are I mean, there's nothing. It's just the majority. Well, the Ivy League is a big one. You're big branded ones. Sure. Right. And so and most high end private schools in King 12, like St. Stephen's, St. Andrew's, right. A lot of them, a lot of them by the I'm just like we are gonna bring in fucking capitals of education We're going to show people you can get rich and all these great people are going to give in and be like, fuck, I can start a company and make money. And today you have to be like, I have to join education and fucking save the world and be poor. And you're like, how about we just fucking save the world and be rich? I bet you get more people. My best example is the Fortnite team. You can't get the Fortnite team, right? If you're like, This isn't going to be a profitable video game. They're like, well, why would I do this? When instead, they're like, this is going to be the most profitable video game ever built. But it's also going to be free to learn, right? They can do certain missions. That's the way.

3:37:42 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

3:37:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Well, enjoy the sheet.

3:37:50 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Bring something up. Thank you. Thank you. It's a robot. A couple robots. We're going to have this up. That's where we're at. Like four or five is going to happen. Robotics. We're starting. We're starting robot club. We're definitely going to need robotics to friggin scale. Shit. Robot. No, sir. I told him back to scale. Like Alex, you talk to Alex. He's serious. He's like, I'm going to build a plushie. And we're going to have like this cute little plucking robot running around that's going to provide motivation and support to the kids. And the kids are going to prefer to do that. I believe for a lot of kids, they're intimidated to talk to an adult. And they don't talk to an AI. And they're going to open up to an AI that's going to be a plucking robot that's trained to food element and trained as a robot. It's going to help kids mental health. Wait more than until I believe that's totally coming We're starting a uh, so we should make fucking cool flushing robots. That's a really cute.

3:39:11 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 4
We're starting a robot club How about the guy say yeah, we're doing it Well, we're gonna make that station on software to learn it and then we're gonna use our own software to do it It wasn't that.

3:39:28 - Unidentified Speaker
512.

3:39:28 - Unidentified Speaker
What is that?

3:39:31 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's 512. You can do 4-bit with one. You can do 8-bit with one. You know, you can use the cut. There's that thing.

3:39:50 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
I just know you always forget.

3:39:55 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
What is it called?

3:39:57 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's not called ESW, is it? What?

3:40:00 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 3
It's not called ESW.

3:40:02 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
It's called something else. Where you can chain them together?

3:40:07 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 5
Yeah, there's a software that runs ESW.

3:40:10 - Conference Room (K) - Speaker 1
Yeah. ESW? ESW. Not ESW. Yeah, it's ESW. All right, guys.