Meet Meeting
Fri, Jul 11, 2025

0:00 - Unidentified Speaker
And move the email.

0:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Sure, style.

0:13 - Unidentified Speaker
So, artistic.

0:25 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
as well as some of the text inside there.

0:29 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Same with the band vision. You can kind of drag those.

0:34 - Unidentified Speaker
I like that.

0:35 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Just go like that. Some more learning science information. Great. Yeah. That's it. I just wanted the style focused for this, like the classical photos.

0:47 - Unidentified Speaker
That's it.

0:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So McKenzie makes all these decisions on me because I'm useless at them. Yeah. And so she sits like that ad agency, whatever to come up with that. She spent endless hours with them, you know, a, b, whatever. So we're just, I'm, my answer is I'm going to send it to her. I'll get the answer, but it looks, I, I was like, oh, I think she'll like that, but good. I like the content though. Show the Tiger Wallet.

1:20 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
I don't have a lot of teeth, but we just like a little info for the parents, you know, how much you're going to get.

1:36 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
but it's notifications payments to schools and then you can apply directly from the app everything great awesome it helped with uh Does it link into all the essays or just your back end?

2:08 - Unidentified Speaker
It links.

2:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
Well, right now, do you mean like it's for Texas specifically right now? Okay. Yes. But, uh, once the federal thing is launched, it'll do that.

2:18 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

2:18 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
I'm going to go nationwide.

2:20 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Cause the federal thing though, it's going to be state by state. Yeah. They're going to have to opt in.

2:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:28 - Unidentified Speaker
But the each.

2:29 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Oh, you're donating. There's two parts, right? You donate to a charity, a specific charity, a specific charity has to give. Correct, yeah.

2:40 - Unidentified Speaker
So, I don't know how you like to... We're probably gonna...

2:45 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, we'll...

2:46 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
I don't know if we have to be incorporated in that state to receive donations, but it shouldn't be too much of a challenge. And then most of our parents are going to be like TSA and Alpha anyway.

3:05 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So yeah.

3:05 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
So we can pay them off.

3:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Great.

3:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
We also have our coach contract, the other coach contract that we want to focus on our student contract. I think the main thing we want to emphasize are one, academic mastery. So we want to make sure that coaches understand that like Kids have to do their academics before athletics. The other thing we want to make sure they agree to is that 1x is 2x. So a quote of like, if you're at 1x, then, or anyways, if you're at grade level, then you're in the top 10%, right? So something like that. We want to make sure the coaches understand. So at least 2x. And then athletic excellence is the other article, the contracts. And they have to make sure that they're recruiting students who are motivated by sports, who want to become D1 athletes. And then the third article is content creation. So the coaches have to invest in getting high quality equipment to film and then send us content. And that feeds our company. So those are the main articles. I don't know if there's anything else That's for the coaches?

4:15 - Unidentified Speaker
For the coaches, yeah.

4:19 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Well, so back to the, you're going to, were you going to have an academic, I mean, a athletic commitment besides D1? Like what do you, one's good enough. Yeah. It's going to be sports specific.

4:44 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Um, I guess we're doing like every sport. Um, so one thing we want to do, I think we discussed like the Navy SEALs test. Right.

4:52 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Um, so that's, it's pretty simple.

4:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
It's like sit ups, pull ups, uh, uh, pushups. So it's like a commitment around that. Um, but then, uh, we're going to, we're going to iterate on the sport specific and we have to think a little bit more about that will make sense for sport. Um, and also it depends. That we have to cover it. Yeah, but we'll think more about that.

5:13 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Right, because in general, you're like the equivalent of three commitments. Are you, you have to deliver the three commitments, you have to do the academic obviously. You're adding the video. Yeah. And then you're adding some, the third commitment around life skills. I don't know if you have any life skills or it's just one athlete plus this athletic benchmark.

5:37 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

5:37 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Um, our, so right now, um, we think that we're going to give coaches life skills workshops, but life skills are going to be off because our main commitments are going to be around athletics and academics.

5:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So you want to put anything about sportsmanship, right? The way you should think about this is as a sales tool. I mean, to the parents, when they see the coaches signed up for this, Or when you're getting press, you're like, well, look at this contract. I mean, it's not like, here's the question I have. How are you different than after school sports? And I would put something in there where it becomes obvious, we are better than after school sports. I mean, obviously we have the academics, but how are you better than just my kid going to late Travis and playing after school sports? Cause you're charging me money like Travis doesn't. And part of it could be like, what is, what is, you know, the academic solves why you're better than like Travis school, but what's better than after school sports, do you have a thought on how your afternoons or what's Okay. Well, we're going to have your kid film, you know, build an audience or, you know, here's we're known on the sports side for a fricking teamwork or we're known for our sportsmanship and freaking every coach signs a contract. That's like, right. And we have a, we have a workshop that teaches it right. And the kids have to pass it. Yeah. And we're not going to have a bunch of jerks back to character building or something that's explicit that you guys could have in there that you can highlight. So, you know, around that, I would, I think through, you know, I mean, you know, when you think about like the alpha one, it's, it, it has stuff like that where parents are gone. Right.

7:48 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
I think my initial thoughts on that are the way we're different is that it's one of the best. And we have, like, with selection facts, the fact that they're coming to a TSA means that every single kid on that team is committed to, like, working as hard as possible to become a new athlete. So you're playing with the best. We have high standards.

8:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So it's just your... No, the D1 part, I think, is good. It covered that. But then think about what are the parts that people don't like about after school sports, or what can you add easily that you can get from commitment? And said, it was like, yes, like sportsmanship's a good one. This is like, yeah, don't be a day. Right. Don't be a, you know, or I'm a spoiled brat athlete. I'm a pre Madonna athlete. And we're like, right. Our coaches are going to fix that.

8:39 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah.

8:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

8:40 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
They're going to build character, right? This is coach Carter, right? Like we have high academic standards. We have high behavioral standards. Right. We're not just doing, this isn't just sports to win sports. It's a school to develop the whole chart. And you can show that with, and to the coaches, you're like, look, you're going to have to do it.

9:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

9:03 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
I think it's, uh, one of the things could be disciplined because a lot of parents are like outsourcing their discipline to the coaches.

9:11 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And so, uh, uh, I think that's a good thing that.

9:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
We did like, yeah. Plus the coaches are naturally going to be.

9:20 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, totally. Okay.

9:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Coaches are going to be great at this. Right. And then you just highlight it though. And you can, right.

9:28 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Did you see as a sales tool is really good feedback to show parents?

9:33 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, you show, you show parents, the kid contract and the coach contract and, and the parents are like, Oh my God, I will both of these. Right. And then. Cause my, I can't get my kids to sign that contract. And okay. These coaches are right with their delivery. And then second thing, when you talk to the press, you're like, look at this. And they're like, Oh my God. Right. Yeah. You know, McKinsey sits there and is like, no, we kids will love school instead of going on vacation at the press. Right. It's just, you're communicating. That story, which makes your, your, how's your product 10 times better than another school.

10:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

10:19 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And when you look at the contract or look at what you're offering, how does it describe that? It's 10 times better. Right. And when you say we're measuring, right, literally we ask like our guides, we, we have a survey question that says every adult. Two teachers who changed their life. So you're talking to a parent of the press, and everybody's like, yeah, that's totally true. And we're like, is your guide that freaky? We expect for every kid that their guide is that person, literally transforming their life. Wow. Every guide, that's really hard, right? But it puts in their head, they're like, okay, this is how it's different. And that's what you, you're like, no, we're building character to these kids, right? This is going to be awesome kids. Right. And our coaches sign up to it. We sign up to it, right? We have this highest standards.

11:25 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
And then obviously all the sales. Coach country right now has information around the good sportsman.

11:33 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, but you have On all these things, you have to make sure that you can't just say it because everybody says we have good sportsmanship. What is your edgy thing? It's like the survey, more than vacation. Do you love school? More than vacation. You have to have something around sportsmanship or whatever your claims are that have real edge that when someone hears them, it's quantifiable and they're like, wow. Right. And then you can say, for example, part of how we teach it, we have this workshop. Right. And the first one is the kids or the kids become refs, you know, and they, you know, live on the other shoes and you'll see what happens.

12:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

12:20 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And, you know, parents like, oh, I can see how that would teach my kid, you know, better things. And then we do this. You know. Yeah, things like that. I have a question about forms and paperwork.

12:34 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So tomorrow, there's an event for one of our coaches at Marshall Arts School, and it's framed as a enrollment event, where he's got nine parents that already applied. He wants to sign them up, have them pay their bonds, and then get them the paperwork to start enrolling. So I reached out to Stephanie information on paperwork that parents want to fill out to get your kid to school. And I'm wondering if there's any forms of paperwork that absolutely needs to be done for a TSA school that we should be aware of I've heard that the SIS and parents where are the it's like where that's managed.

13:17 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Okay, so do you know Amelia? What? Yeah, so she should Can she answer this question. And Stephanie said what she's asking me what forms. Right, Stephanie is not going to be able to give you the answer. You should just tell her, just pretend you're TSA. Say, what are the forms a parent who's going to go to TSA uses?

14:02 - Unidentified Speaker
That's for Stephanie is the best, and I don't know the answer.

14:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I told her just pass on all the forms.

14:12 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah, that's fine. But whatever the TSA forms are.

14:17 - Unidentified Speaker
To who?

14:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Jamal.

14:18 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Great, a little Sign up.

14:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

14:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
It's coming together. Another question I had is with the NCAA approvals. So Christian Lock's been leading that for, uh, to our learning time back, and it hasn't been a high priority for him because of course there aren't sports that helps. What I would love to do is just lead that process for TSA. The reason for that is a number of coaches they really want to have the school this year, but be able to work with their athletes going into ninth grade, 10th grade. And so I think it makes more sense for us to own the NCAA approvals for a time back for TSA. And that would require creating a separate account on the NCAA portal. And I'm just wondering if that sounds okay, if we can do that.

15:23 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
How hard is it to get NCAA approved?

15:27 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
You have to submit 16 courses. It looks like most of Time Back will qualify for that. The hard part is that they are very slow. It takes them a long time. The tougher challenge with Time Back overall is the NCAA requires ninth grade courses to And so if a student is in ninth grade, but they're at third grade math, we're not going to give them that course. They have to catch all the way up to be able to get that. And so that's why the NCAA approvals don't align perfectly with that model. We still want to make so that if a student is ahead, we can benefit from it.

16:12 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, everybody always talks about this. There's got to be a better answer. Why don't we just have a ninth grade class that incorporates third through ninth grade material?

16:27 - Unidentified Speaker
And so you're like, yeah, I'm giving ninth grade material.

16:32 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And then it just incorporates third through ninth grade material. And you place into wherever between third and ninth grade you are, right? If you're thinking like math.

16:45 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I talked to Christian about it.

16:48 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
that the NCAA just wants students to take. And it's like two years of English, something like that. I agree.

16:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And so just have third through ninth grade English. So ninth grade is third through ninth grade English. And 10th grade is third through 10th grade English. Because the hang up always is this. The kid has to pass ninth grade. And we're like, fuck, he's in fourth grade. Right. And how do you solve that problem? Right. And I'm like, well, there's nothing that says ninth grade material can't start in the third grade. You just have it all. And so you're like, when you open up ninth grade math, it's got lessons from third to ninth grade. And if you're really in the ninth grade, third through eight, you place out of You write, those are chapters one through eight or third, you know, chapters three through eight are done. And you're just on chapter nine in the book. And chapter nine is all the ninth grade material. Right. And if instead you're like, oh, I'm in fifth grade, you go to chapter five, but it's in the ninth grade book. Right. Because it's not like when they say you're going to pass these 16 that these kids are passing ninth grade math. And so it's just all this naming bullshit. It's this, you're trying to get around the bureaucracy. And so I'm like, great, why don't we just create a third through ninth grade? Why don't we have chapters in our book that are third through ninth grade? And so then when a kid comes in, they double click on ninth grade math, and be like, they have to be in ninth grade math. And you're like, great, go to chapter three or chapter four. Yeah. And yeah, you're in chapter five, then we just give you a whole fifth grade lesson today's chapter six. And then you take a ninth grade test, just like a normal one. And if you had done, if you will get a higher score on the ninth grade test by doing fifth, sixth and seventh grade material. Yeah. Right. Then if you sat in ninth grade material, right, this is the fight. Everybody has it. I'm like, you guys are just completely wrong. Right. Why? That's why our test scores go up so much, right? If you take somebody who should be in the fifth grade and put them in ninth grade material, their ninth grade score is going to suck. But if you fill in their fifth, sixth, and seventh grade remedial stuff, their test scores will go up a lot, even though they still don't know anything in ninth grade, right? Because they'll be able to actually answer some of the questions.

19:29 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So it's better for the test scores, and it works for the exam.

19:33 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Correct. But it's some nomenclature around what the definition of a course is that causes all this anxiety. And so just redefine your course to include remedial chapters as part of the course. And don't call them remedial chapters. Just call them chapters. And then your test scores go way up, and I was like, oh, everything's fine, right? But the obsession with teaching at grade level is one of the poisons of school, and all the accreditation agencies force it by saying stuff like this. They're like, like everybody's like, I need to teach seventh grade material because they have to take the seventh grade stock. I'm like, if they don't know fucking The best way to improve your seventh grade star test is fourth grade. And people are like, no, because the star only asks seventh grade material. I'm like, that's not a true question. That's not true at all, because it's all scaffolded. When you don't know your division tables, learning seventh grade fractions doesn't help. And the hang up is just put it in the same course. Rename and that may get you through your problem. It's not.

21:01 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So you got to talk about the name of these courses. Was that an Andy Montgomery question?

21:10 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Incept can literally just say your ninth grade course has third through ninth grade mature. Or Andy Montgomery. You're literally just aggregating everything. You can take course, take the con course, right? I mean, right? It's like con third through ninth grade, and then you copy and paste third through ninth grade and rename it into ninth grade, TSA ninth grade, right? And then you submit all of that to the NCAA. And they're like, wow, this is a comprehensive, this is too much shit. And maybe they bust you on that or something. You have to change it. So that's good.

21:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
I have a question that my teammate wants to ask.

21:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
So you know how we're doing launching and set up the math course? We're doing it first of all for fourth grade. That's been the case all along. I noticed that especially since third grade, so. Since what? Third grade.

22:07 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
OK, you're doing fourth.

22:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
We're doing fourth.

22:09 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Yeah, we've always been doing fourth. So it does overlap with math academy. So the question is, if we do alpha learn and time back, having a math academy style questions and algorithm, but the UI is not identical to math academy incorporates. So our thinking process is we do a math academy style lesson, and right after, we have them do a PowerPath 100 to get the math practice in. So if we build this and we launch this, does that qualify for the math academy clone bounty?

22:48 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And so the way to think about it is you're using the math, it's sort of a math academy plus PowerPath 100 algorithm?

22:57 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
So the way we're thinking about it is we're using a math academy algorithm, but the math academy algorithm, it's all about the memory. And the memory is an exponential decay function after you get the initial encoding right. This is how you can combine the math practice theory with the like space repetition theory, you need to get the encoding in first before you even start thinking about the decay function. So we're thinking of like with Math Academy, a lot of the students are gifted and talented, and we think it's not enough repetitions to get the encoding done correctly. And PowerPath is really nice because it follows the Excel pattern of like, you have to get at least a lot of questions correct and hit 100 before we can move on. So we'll still do the lesson, And the lesson ideally still has the fail fast, succeed fast approach that Math Academy has. So each section has five questions. If you get two consecutive questions right, you can skip forward to the next lesson. I'm sorry, next section. And all three sections are for the same lesson. So they kind of have a repeat coverage over the same material. And the lesson maybe takes about 10 minutes. So right after a lesson, we move them into a math practice session using PowerPath that forces the student to do enough repetition so they encode properly. And from that point on, we can consider that a successful encoding. Then we have the space repetition algorithm kick in. And that figures out when they do the next repeat. So if we do this, does that count for the bounty? Because it's not a technical clone of Math Academy. Well, it's not.

24:35 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
It's a better one. It's a better one, yeah. Yeah. Great. Perfect. Yeah, I like that.

25:07 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Great.

25:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, that was the question.

25:10 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
What if we don't get them bouncing?

25:13 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
What if we don't get them bouncing? Good.

25:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Then we can just better, we can just like cloning other UI that we're going to use, which I was like, no, no, that's not what Joe wants.

25:28 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

25:28 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, no, this is, I mean, this is, if we have a philosophy that this is a better, It's better than Math Academy and better than IT. Right? It's the union of the two. Right? Best of both worlds. And so, let's build it. I like that. We might need to like...

25:52 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Are we good with Alphalern, by the way? Is Alphalern the right UI? Because that's what we're planning to integrate into.

26:02 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So, there's two paths. That are going on right now, AlphaLearn, put it in TimeBack, and then it'll display in AlphaLearn. And then second, there is a TimeBack client that Samy's team is working on.

26:19 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
It's Athena.

26:20 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I believe TimeBack longer term, but it's going to be ready by, it's not going to be ready I'm going to start the year. AlphaLearn for now, for sure. AlphaLearn for now, for sure.

26:36 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Now, if you had a, yeah, what was your interface?

26:40 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
What's your Math Academy interface instead of AlphaLearn? Do you want to have a Math Academy interface that you just use instead of AlphaLearn?

26:48 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
We could do, but like, we're not as interested.

26:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Well, I guess, I guess, the sort of, oh, yeah, I guess that they need something. One option is put everything on time. Yeah, it's going to be kind of like having it in a time manager, which is quite supported in Android. You can figure it out and it'll display it in a couple of places.

27:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Or you can make it part of the same thing with our Cloud Academy.

27:13 - Unidentified Speaker
So you can do everything as a separate app.

27:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
And then connect through basically like sign-in in the same way that you sign-in with Cloud Academy app. And it'll return basically the course information.

27:25 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
that wouldn't necessarily be posted on TimeVag. It would be already on the page. But it would be accessible. Put it on TimeVag, or we could have it separate, and then integrate it into TimeVag.

27:42 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
To add more detail, so TimeVag, I have no issues with. I think it's quite solid. It's one I took. It's very well-designed. PowerPath is designed for the scenario where a single base course is followed by most students. And then you maybe tweak it a little bit, you add a few assessments here or there. But it's not really designed for our use case where the path is dynamically chosen for every student. So I think for us to use PowerPath as a stance, it's not a good architecture design. It's overly complex for our needs. It has a lot of side effects that we don't need and might actually hinder both performance and the user experience. To hack around it, we're going to be creating a unique course per student, which is fine, and we can filter that out from the course viewer. The only downside to this approach is that AlphaLearn integrates directly with PowerPath. We would need to be creating about the unique course and a unique PowerPath per course, which is a little ugly, but that's still fine. The one actual gotcha is we might very likely need a manual list of the students, because when you have one course per student, when you automatically enroll that student into the course, it creates a new lesson plan in PowerPath that copies the base course, but that's not the experience we want. So we need to, in our backend, take in this manual list of students role and create a unique course for a student. So that part is a bit hacky and we eventually want to integrate it more automatically, but I think for the initial rollout it should be okay. And I was thinking that maybe we can design a version of PowerPath that's specifically designed for our use case, which is fully dynamic.

29:44 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Right, exactly.

29:45 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
All of this can be done.

29:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Exactly. Eventually, everything's going to be done. So we have to get ready for that. Exactly. Great.

29:54 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
I had a back and forth with Eddie about this, actually, because Eddie's proposal is to use PowerPad.

30:01 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
And then I went to talk to the EA Studio folks, AE Studio folks, and they were like, yeah, you know, that's not exactly what we designed it for. So we landed on unique course per student. And then that AU Studio also like stamped off, so we're good.

30:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Great. Yeah, time back.

30:23 - Unidentified Speaker
No, no issues.

30:24 - Unidentified Speaker
It's great.

30:25 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Oh, good. I mean, it has bugs. I mean, the API specs, well, there are still some bugs that are hashing out, but overall, well.

30:37 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
We want to take over the back end. From a studio. It's just something Super Builders wants to own and just be like,

30:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
I'm pretty sure Bjorn would love to take it over.

30:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

30:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Bjorn would love it.

30:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Yeah. Yeah. He files like three books per day and then like writes to me about like, you're not fixing it yet.

31:01 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
It's a clean liner. Like the bottleneck is Bjorn filling out these captions.

31:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So I'm totally fine to, if we want to you know, take it over and have super builders own it as a platform. Like if there's a, like at whatever point where, you know, they have all this, like if it's tomorrow, you know, we can do it if it's okay. I want them to, I want a studio finish up a week or a couple of weeks, then we do it. But I'm super happy to transfer that over to super builders rather than a studio. Right. They got it started. And then now, if you guys want to do that, I'm totally up for it.

31:42 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I think we can take it over right after the August launch.

31:46 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
OK, great.

31:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
In August?

31:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
I would say two weeks after launch, because if there are bugs, we don't want to be fixing our own bugs, not fixing their bugs.

31:55 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Sure.

31:55 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
That would be terrible.

31:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

31:57 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. They can just wrap everything. Wrap some stuff up and then do it. Great. So I should think in August, you guys are going to take it over.

32:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Perfect.

32:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
You're going to have to do stuff to make it dynamic. Great. Good. So yeah, so great. So I will pencil into my head that mid-August. Late August. Late August too. Late August, launch is 15th, sure. At the end of August, before September, September 1st, you guys can take it over and then it'll be a super building.

32:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Great.

32:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

32:41 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
I have a question about the Carrollton building. Yeah. So everything's going good there so far. I think they're hessing up the last lease commitment agreement and things. But I'm trying to figure out, like, what are, for that building, like, what is our team responsible for? And is there a team that handles, like, all the stuff that we probably wouldn't think of, like janitors and, like, landscaping and sewing and all those kinds of things?

33:09 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, so Arthur has a team in charge of ops of all the buildings. And so they're in charge of... So they'll do like security? Just everything you need. Everything you need, they do everything. So just talk to Artie? Yeah, just talk to Artie. Right now, I think everybody's like, Carrollton's not opening. Relative to all the other campuses. And if you're like, there's gonna be a TSA there in August, then we need to tell them. Or I don't know if anybody knows, but I didn't see it on our list of our campuses for August. Yeah, we'll look on them. Yeah, we'll get about it. Right, like it's a closed campus. Like I made a decision in January, which was, we were gonna spend all our time filling Carrollton with a couple hundred kids. And I changed my mind and was like, we're going to open 25 alphas across the country as a higher priority. Oh, okay. And so then Carrollton when I was like, so just for a year, we'll worry about next year. Then you guys came along and I was like, oh shit, you can use it for sports Academy. But then we, if you have Carrollton of Carrollton place for August, you should tell it.

34:27 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Okay.

34:28 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
tell Artie so he can get his team out there. Yeah, we're working on like finalizing.

34:34 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
So like, Thank you, Jim. Colors are stuff too, and so for sure you'll have. Middle school there and probably like like with his high school kids. Yeah, they'll be like separate. Not all to say that one to our learning, but but yeah, like they'll be tennis for both. We're trying to get a few more schools in there too at the start of the year. But yeah, we'll talk to Artie and make sure that that's prior.

35:05 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Great, perfect. Yeah, so we'll have so Fort Worth, I think the Fort Worth Alpha is full. And I believe the Plano one before there's an info session in 10 days or whatever, but they're McKenzie's filling them up like she had an info session last night. Orange County. And 10 people at the info session signed up. And so the 25 will be full. And then she did. And when she did Fort Worth, it was the same thing. 10 people signed up immediately. And then after the shadow day, it was full. After one shadow day. Sorry.

35:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, yeah.

40:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Just like, yeah.

41:03 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
We're brainstorming sports versions of the GT school line of the last humans on earth smarter than AI. Oh, yeah. Mars got a robot, but they didn't, like, last humans faster than a robot.

41:20 - Unidentified Speaker
I love it.

41:22 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
I feel like sports have, like, a longer runway than GT.

41:27 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah, they're smarter than AI.

41:30 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Yeah.

41:34 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So you guys still have seven schools, 100 kids?

41:57 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Some schools. For students, that'll creep up as the school year starts to go up. Sure. Yeah. We think it'll be much easier to recruit students when the schools are already in place. 100%. It's a true statement. Once you have the building.

42:12 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, we've learned that is that just why we did this big deal with guideposts and stuff to get the building is what parents can see. Here's the building. They're like signing up and there's no building, they're like, I'll wait until there's a building. Yeah. And so once it's open and they see other kids there, then they have a, they can't delay it.

42:36 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So we're trying many different types of events now to recruit students. So Lamar's going to lead the charge with one of our coaches round rock. Well, they'll try a webinar or they'll try a one hour event or a full on camp And so we're just building a Rolodex to attempt to the best that goes to run your students.

43:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
A lot of trial and error of what kind of shadow days equivalent mean, or is it the info session or the shadow? Do a lot of info sessions.

43:10 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
It's kind of like a more of like an info session slash shadow day, but since some of the codes don't have locations, yeah, then they're just doing like a It's And like a small coaching session. OK. Yeah. And then that helps the parents kind of get familiar like is the coach good?

43:30 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah.

43:31 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
And then the webinars are just mainly like parent pitches where they're going through like slides. Yeah. Take any questions. Those surprisingly have like a really good like close ratio of like 25 percent. And so I thought it would be a lot of work but it's doing real small somethings, that's right now. They've done four part. And then this month, they're going to do like a, we recommend that they do like a bigger camp to attract like more kids. Cause right now they're saying, Hey, come to this event. If you want to come to my school, we're starting a school.

44:07 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. But now we're going to say, Hey, we're starting to do them.

44:11 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
We're having a camp, like come to the camp.

44:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

44:15 - Unidentified Speaker
So that's, that's all we have.

44:17 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And then what are you guys doing to create up a funnel demand for the coaches?

44:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So, yeah, right now, what we're doing is, right now we're just helping them with Facebook ads. So we're doing a lot of Facebook ads for them. We're trying to get, like, a new gen video to put them in and generate an AI video. And then Facebook ads. But the goal is to just basically do what Louis is doing. A lot of people on Twitter are doing this with AI video, where they just have, essentially, a content platform. They have a bunch of accounts. Just like losing different content, processing down, seeing what works, doubling down on the accounts that are growing, cutting the accounts that don't work. And that's what we're building out. And that's going to take a couple months to spin up. But that's the vision. But for e-schools right now, it's mainly just helping them with Facebook ads.

45:03 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
Yeah, so most of the Facebook ads are going to be generated with Paging, like I said. And so right now, we're collecting two, we have a great app that collects two to three million coaches, and they're like talking, pitching their school. And then we use that to like be the agent avatar for that. That's a good chance to copy what they say. And then most of that's going to drive traffic to their events. So that instead of like 10 donation, we try to get like 50, 60.

45:35 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And what are you guys going to do about like launching TSA big and getting a bunch of press on what you're doing. So local TV stations. Yeah, but then we talked to it's like, like, McKinsey did a, you know, also, right at the local TV station. They had a parent, they're like, why would you want to go to this weird school? And they're like, you have to embrace the future. And this is it. And if I can save my kid, my kid can really only two academics, two hours, like what parent wouldn't. And then it got picked up by 50 cities around the country. Right. Millions of views. It's fulsome. It should go right. No offense, but, you know, it's just a no nowhere market. And you guys being able to do that and getting it picked up up around Texas where it's going to be shown around like, Right, you need some of that credibility. That comes from local news, you know, reporting. Oh, right. Or how about national? And so what's your plan there? So right now we're just focused on local news.

46:49 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So we have the press kits that Alfa's using for Miami, the regions we're funding our press kit. We talked to Anna and she recommended that we like first like try and find a good journalist for our first story. So, that's what we're going to do, we're going to find a journalist and partner with them. Ideally send a request to them, and then just get the ball rolling for a story and then, ideally, to the Rolling Thunders That's just as you suggested before.

47:30 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And then is there any athletic celebrity who is interested in, you know, a UT coach or somebody notable who's like, Oh, I'm way into this Texas sports pattern that you can.

47:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Your name would be our close, but the NBA former all-star all that's likely going to be opening up his basketball. Yeah. He'd be our best contact for that.

48:13 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And what would you, what would you want them to say and do, right? How would you build press around?

48:20 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So, yeah, this school with Dynamic Rep, they have the best high school team in the nation. So ideally, so the way we're going to set up our general gym is have TSA branding, Texas Sports Academy branding with Dynamic Rep. So with this games like ESPN, all the top Instagram, Instagram, that's probably going to be playing their own games. Want to be there. Yeah. And we'll use that as an opportunity to protect what's got me.

48:49 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
That's the current plan.

48:50 - Unidentified Speaker
But definitely.

48:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
Yeah I think it'll be like the athlete part will be easy to do once we get the schools open. I've got friends that play pro sports that can do things for us easily. And then also Jaren talked about a list of like 10 different NBA players and pro athletes that live in the Dallas area that are going to be stopping by the gym quite a bit. And so I think it'll be easy to get them to say something in the comments for us and stuff like that. So I think all this will be a lot easier once we have the schools because like before that it's a little bit more difficult because there's not like something tangible for everybody to see yet. But yeah I think that part it's going to be something that we have like no problem.

49:43 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Do you think getting local press for a coach to help you recruit students for the school year is a good idea? You'd have a tv feature where he's telling the tv station or the interviewer that he's working at school. Yeah.

50:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And that'd be way for Yeah, that's what was McKinsey and Folsom. She's like, you know, we have an info session, but we're opening a school in August. You know, and so parents that are not, if you're interested, you know, and here's one parent who is interested and you want you. So if you have any of these, where you have, you know, a parent who's already signed up, right. Then you're just like, and you have the reporter. You're like, look, I have a parent and they're like, what about this? Shit, you know, doesn't it freak you out? Like, they could ask him in the, you know, I mean, you have to prep them, but this is like, you know, cause they've all watched all McKinsey shit, right? They have all the stuff. They're like, I'm totally on board on this. This is the future. I mean, my kid can learn in two hours. That sounds like way better than sitting in class for six, doesn't it? You know, and says it on TV and then everybody watches it, you know, and you get your message out via the parent and then other parents are like, huh, right? It's not, it's, saying it of why they signed up for the school and, you know, it's opening in next month, you know? Right? So, yeah. So, I mean, I would get each, you know, for each school, each of the seven or whatever you got, I would try to get a reporter for any of them. And I wouldn't, I'm back to finding one who's, I mean, if you find one that's great, but it's like, you know, okay, we have, and a parent. Right we're we're opening a revolution like you guys have to have your pitch that. That you should be able to pitch. Right like we can pitch alpha just. Right that's compelling independent of it but then you bring in. In your case a coach and a parent. And say. Here's this crazy pitch where the school is gonna open up hundreds of schools next year with vouchers and, you know, whatever your top down pitches and the first few are opening in August next month, you know, and, uh, here's one in Carrollton or round rock or wherever your one is. And, you know, here's a coach and a parent and the fricking report is going to go to town and be like, you know, Why are you doing this coach? And why are you doing this parent? And that's like really, right.

52:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

52:26 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
That is, you know, good news.

52:28 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And then you get that right. And then you go to other towns. Right. And then you can go to the local reporters in the other towns, be like, look at what we did in Carrollton. Do you want to do it here in Houston? And the local port is like, Oh yeah, it sounds interesting. Right. And you can see how it gets used. Right. Once, A little synthesis negotiation. You tweet about the drop?

1:03:48 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
I'm not sure.

1:03:50 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I don't think he decided that went very well the last time. So I won't talk to him after he tweeted that. So he's now burned this bridge forever. And so now he's trying to figure out, he's caught in a, I want to threaten you, but he has nothing to threaten with. So. This. Three of his team have asked us to fire him, and they'll stay if we fire him. But if we keep him, they won't. So he does not have the loyalty that you might think. But we can't poach them when we're in the middle of a negotiation, right?

1:04:54 - Unidentified Speaker
So...

1:04:55 - Unidentified Speaker
What's the point?

1:04:57 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
It depends on what he decides, right? Because what does he want? He can't figure out what he wants to do. And so, let me threaten you, he's very emotional. Entrepreneurs are, right? They're very emotional. And we've bought a hundred companies. Neeraj is the one in charge of it. We bought a hundred companies. And so we know exactly. You got to work through your seven stages of grief and you're in the anger mode or the depressed mode, right? You just, you have to work through this and you have to figure out where you want to get to, you know, um, because even if we, you know, one choice I'm buying them is, okay, we buy them. And then he becomes an evangelist that isn't an operating control of his team. Right. That's a total choice where he can be like, great. I'm still the face since some out there, right? His skill is obviously not managing, right? But it is evangelizing, right? And so if he does, do you want to do that? Or just be like, no, I want to get out of here, done. You know, I don't know. We can't, he can't figure it out either. What he really wants is his company to be better than it is. Doesn't everybody? He wishes he had more customers. And more revenue and less cost. And he wished he didn't sign that contract, but he got sued by the DARPA guys. They're asking for tens of millions of dollars. He wished that wasn't there either. You know, right. I mean, it's the worst, the legal contract that is terrible. You basically, you know, they, they, he signed this contract that I'm going to use your IP. And even if I cancel the contract I still owe you tens of billions of dollars and then he cancels the contract and maybe he didn't Read it Yeah, right, but he's like they're like look if we give you our IP if you cancel and try to design this out You still owe us the royalties, which is a standard, you know You and he's like no I thought it was just if I used Not all their concepts. And it literally just says in the contract. Our ideas and concept, right. All that. And so anyway, so he's just, he's put himself in that, right. Cause he didn't have a tutor, like the original synthesis product is his team's product. It wasn't a tutor. So he went out and he bought the tutor. Right. And I think what he thought was I'm going to buy it to jumpstart of sign a multi, a contract where I owe these guys tens of millions of dollars. To get them to give me all their IP. And I did, and then I'll cancel it, fuck them, because it'll be dumb. And then just do it myself. And the contract reads, and the contract says you can't do that. And so they're obviously suing him, like you can't do that. And now he's trying to raise money, but you know what? No one will give you money when there's a $25 million contract standing outstanding, right? And so, right, he's just got, it's just a, anyway. How do you deal with that as the acquirer? We run it through bankruptcy in the contract for it. But then he doesn't want to declare bankruptcy because, oh my God, that means I suck, right? He's got ego issues. I'm like, I don't know what you want to do. It cleans the contract up, right? The other part is back on the tutor stuff. We don't, you know, back to the synthesis, we can rebuild synthesis off the brain without the code and just leave it and be like, tell the DARPA guys, great, you keep it. We'll take teams and then Incept will generate a synthesis math app. And so then there's no contract life, right? So there's all these different choices, but he has to decide what I want to do. And, you know, obviously he's, threatening me is low on the list of ideas that's going to work well. I mean, we literally are a company who has a reputation of buying companies and fixing and running them through bankruptcy. Literally, we bought Marin Software last week, which they lost like hundreds of millions of dollars, right? They were a big ad play year ago and we're fixing, right? And synthesis is just in that boat, right? We just bought higher ground, all the Montessori chains, pulled it through bankruptcy, right? And fixing it. And, you know, obviously he's just like, I don't want to do that. Okay. What's your, what's a better choice? What's a better choice? So he's, he's working.

1:09:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So we'll see.

1:09:52 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
But stages, I, every, interest to it, right? You understand he's worked his ass off for how many years, right? You worked your ass off and, you know, so, um, all right. Anything else? Any other last month I finished Rubens. I had a You know but is there a way to. No that's on that's on me. No I remember seeing it.

1:10:34 - Unidentified Speaker
I just got to bring the money in.

1:10:39 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah I'll I'll bring it in. Right. All right, well, got a podcast Monday. I'm going to practice on it. Yeah, it's good. And then I just signed, I did a, and Peter T is going to be September 4th. So I'll get that one, start educating parents. And then there's a big one up at Mike Milken has his big conference And so he has one in the Hamptons at the end of August and so Bill Ackman is gonna host And The ball a bunch of other ones McKinsey was with Milken today So we'll get We'll definitely on the high end of the market, I'm not worried about that So no, I had a somebody friend of mine text me today. He's like I'm sitting in a house And the table across from me is talking about alpha. They're just like, this is so crazy that this is even doable. And this is just so amazing. They said our marketing is the best they've ever seen. You get the worst of the best. So that's the best side. And they like that we're taking a product approach to education. That's going to be a big part of my podcast is I'm a product guy. And I literally just looked this product and education's a product that people in education aren't product people. And that's why it seems all confusing with product. It's like really easy. How do you build a product? It's 10 times better than everybody else. And that's what we're doing. Right. And if you want to be 10 times, you're like, so how about we learn 10 times faster and how about we have kids love school, make them love it 10 times more than normal school. Let's have guides who are 10 times better. How would you define that? And that's what we're building and that's how we're going to deliver it. But there's just, that's just not a normal educational discussion. And I think it's going to be powerful.

1:12:52 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Do you have a plan for the conversation? He does.

1:12:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
He does. I don't know what it is. I'm, I'm, I'm very relaxed on, I don't, you know, uh, I'm happy if he wants to, give me questions ahead of time, or if he just wants to lead me down the path, I'm very.

1:13:16 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
He's in New York.

1:13:18 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I'm flying up to New York. So he's up in union square. So, uh, I'll meet with bill Ackman and some of the New York guys for New York campus as well, but, uh, it's three hours. And so, He'll basically, the way I, I don't know, I haven't done one. It's he's going to interview me for three hours and clip it down to an hour and a half or two hours. So that'll be. And we'll talk before it starts and it'll just be like, are you looking for, I have a hundred click baby headlines. I got a hundred things I can say. If you want to just, I can just literally just. Run through the 100 things that your audience believes that true about education that's wrong. And just go through them one by one if you want, or if you have a theme. He has a thing. He wants to send his kid down. So he has a very strong point of view. He Read the Astral Codex. He's like, this guy doesn't get it at all. He's totally missing the point of Elf. He's like, it's all time back. He's like, time back is what matters. Freeing up time for the workshops because he's not free. He wants like, he's like, I want, you know, I don't want more academics and I want to pay the kid to get more academics. I want fricking the food truck and the Airbnb and all the life skills. And the only way you can do life skills, you give them time back on the academics. Right. So he doesn't actually want that academic acceleration per se. He wants the, you know, yeah, the time back. So So we'll see, it'll be, it'll be interesting to see. Your last podcast or interview was 20 years ago. 20 years ago. You could have done many more interviews.

1:15:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
I stopped all press 20 years ago.

1:15:11 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So I was, for the nineties, I was all in, I was press everywhere in the nineties. And then, uh, I got married and had kids and I was basically like, okay, And so it's been 20 years and L's senior now. So I can now start again. I mean, it'd be technically better to wait one year, but L doesn't care anymore. Whatever dad, but you don't, I just didn't want all that stuff. And so, so yeah, so it's literally 20, it was 2005 was the last time I gave a talk at Stanford. So, but it's still a top. Percent podcast so we'll have to see if this one if this one can be a top one percent so my alpha high kids are like we're gonna be giving you constructive but critical feedback on your presentation to Alex and Tatum Ella so they're gonna be which would be great yeah right and they're like hold high Like, we'll be the top 1%. We tend to go on Christian Williams' podcast.

1:16:22 - Unidentified Speaker
She was on KCBS today in LA.

1:16:25 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So she's doing her tour. So she's getting on all the, as we were talking, she's getting on all the local ones. But the CBS lady's like, I pitched you to national to see if we can get you on a Sunday morning.

1:16:42 - Unidentified Speaker
So.

1:16:44 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, everybody wants education. And if you have great educational, you can, it's free press. It's, it's one of the, cause you have no competition, right? I mean, what, what is going to be different about school this year at every public school in Texas or the nation or every private school? It's all going to be fucking same. That's been for 50 years, right? There's just no, Oh, test scores went down some that's like, that's the only new you get all the news is like whether your sports teams win but it's nothing like two-hour learning and learn this stuff it's just there's just not right it's just it's a product area that's stagnated for a hundred years 50 whatever you want right I mean I don't know if you're following like tracing wood grains on Twitter but right he's in like every day he picks like these crazy battles but he gets 800,000 views on his thing about like tracking just even like a gifted program or what should education be? Right? He just has, and it's just a massive fight, right? And it's a very controversial world. So. Yeah, it seems like with education specifically, like a lot of emotions come in because that an open statement sort of product.

1:18:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So you see like, okay, basically grants like for tweeting. They just have like crazy delusions because it's all like emotional.

1:18:17 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
It will want it to go. There's a cut. Education is one of these where everybody went to school. So they're all experts. Everybody's like, I'm a fucking expert. Every parent who talks to me is like, I know how to educate my kid. I mean, they believe that very strongly. And now do they actually actually have expertise in education. No, because they've been now educated by pop culture, which is totally wrong. Right? Like they just Read this stuff, right? Like learning styles. Okay, learning styles have been completely debunked for decades, but people are like, learning styles, right? And, but parents want to educate their kids, educate the way they were, and they have all these views. Right. Even though the views are wrong. Right. Like, and that's why like the, and so if you come in and then second, because of that, you know, the difference between the chattering class and the entrepreneurs, there are no entrepreneurs in every other market. You have all these entrepreneurs, like the world is set up with people who like, I have opinions. Okay. And there's like a million of those. In education there's four hundred billion right every parent has a baby. And then but in most other segments of the economy. There's entrepreneurs who build businesses and they build things and by building on the ones that succeed sort of prove out truth and the ones that fail you know show. In education, there's none of that. Right. There's no entrepreneurs building truth. And that's what you're so crazy because we say stuff that we think is totally false. But then in our school, it turns out to be true. Right. And they're like, wait, that, you know, and that's the dichotomy. Right. It's Elon's like in space, space used to be the same thing because NASA is like, you can't build reusable rockets. The head of European space said you can't build reusable They had a Japanese space that you can't build reusable. It's like, yeah, I think you can. And everybody said, you're a moron, until he did it. Then you're like, oh, I guess that's the way, right? And it's just, education is just that way, where everybody has opinions, but no one's building a different product. And that's what we're doing. And that's causing everybody to freak out about it. No, like, Kate's writing her substack this weekend. Last weekend was motivation. And it just caused she got so many subscriptions after sending that one out and she even got alpha parents who've been there for years. Right where they're like I have so disagreed with motivational model for years. But after reading your sub stack you're totally right and now I see that is what my kid is like, You know but they just had these hang up like this whole concept of intrinsic motivation right. Fundamentally, there is no such thing as intrinsic motivation versus extrinsic, right? There just isn't. And it's a false dichotomy that people, right? The reason the best students love academics is because they're the best fucking students. Tom Brady, right? A consummate intrinsically motivated athlete loves to win. And get championships and win, which is an extrinsic motivation. But he's intrinsically motivated. But that's because he wins and is number one, and you win the Super Bowl, right? And this concept that if he was in last place, he, for his whole life, he would just be as excited is not true. And academics are the same way. The people who are intrinsically motivated are the people who crush it. They crush academics. The person who's terrible at academics does not wake up and say, I love math, right? Because they won't put the reps in because they don't love it because they're not winning, right? Engineering victories, right? And the people who do well in academics are just people who are high IQ and high conscientiousness for the most part, right? And so those are the ones who, quote, love learning. They love learning because the teacher's like, you're so awesome. And their parents are like, oh my god, you're so great. Oh, you're number one in your class. Oh, you got a 1,600 SAT. How many people got a 1,600 SAT set? It's really just doing the trig that I loved. It wasn't. It was, do you want to fucking get a 1,600 SAT or get to Stanford or whatever it was? It's not intrinsic love of learning because it's always the total picture, whether it's sports or academics or everything. And that's all, it's the same, the ridiculous concept that I always bring up back to motivation, this was Kate's sub stack, was all my friends at Stanford, they're all like, I wanna win, I wanna be great at academics. Now, even if I'm terrible at academics, I'm still gonna do it, which is what you'd have Right. And, uh, no, when I tell parents, I'm like, I don't understand, don't you want to have, don't you want to work at a job you love, then you should be willing not to be paid and do it for the love of the job and never ask for a bonus. That's what you're asking your kid to work for six 16 years, and there'll be a payoff 16 years from I'm like, the only people who do well in that environment have high conscientiousness, like super high conscientiousness. So anyway, so yeah, so that motivational thing, right? And it's not always money. Money's not like, give your time back. Like I would not, Alpha, if you gave me two choices, which is I can run Westlake High School, the academic part, the honors track, and you can give me, I don't know, grand per kid, whatever you want on the dollar side, and have those kids do six hours a day plus the four hours of AP homework they do now, so ten hours a day of grinding, and have an extra five or ten grand. Or the alpha model where it's two or three hours plus alpha X, which one will get better outcomes? Most kids want alpha X and the time back, not the grind and the money. Ed's view in the paper is it's money. I'm like, that is one motivation, and at times useful, but it's not as good as time back. Time back is the single best motivator for kids. Give kids their time back to do stuff they love, and that's more important than money. It's more important than lots of other things. But everybody has different stuff, and our guide's job is to know what your motivation is, which might be different than yours. Give me screen time. Right? Give me status. Oh my God. I recognized in front of the class. I'm in kindergarten. Give me a sticker. They don't want money, right? What is this? Give me a sticker. So anyway, that's motivation's complicated and it's 90% of the solution. And so you should have a robust, complicated motivational answer, which is what, what all our money goes into. To guides to do that, right? That's our biggest cost expense, is going to guides who spend all their time trying to motivate the kids, right?

1:26:04 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
I was wondering, Joe, where you stand on a webcam thing, because, like, we have Michael here who works 100 hours, and then because the webcam sometimes doesn't work and sometimes, like, doesn't have it on, it halves his hours. So sometimes it goes from 100 to 40, which is really Is it okay if we like don't have the webcam on and can just claim the full 100 hours per week?

1:26:29 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Huh. Why does the webcam not work?

1:26:31 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
I think on Linux sometimes it just doesn't work. We don't know why.

1:26:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:26:36 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Like, uh, it happens to Kate too. Yeah.

1:26:38 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
That's like 50, 60 hours a week.

1:26:40 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
So I got an F this week cause I have like two or three hours at the office.

1:26:50 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I'll have to look. I haven't looked at the AI grader or what it's doing. Is it just Linux?

1:26:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
Is that the issue? It's not just Linux. Some people are also worried about just webcams in general. They are not willing to, because it may be invasive or something.

1:27:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
So yeah, there's the Linux issue.

1:27:07 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And on top of that, there's the webcam issue. Okay. So I guess it's, there's, there's two parts, which is here's my overalls. If you guys are building a billion dollar company, Right? The billion dollar product. All the other stuff doesn't matter.

1:27:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

1:27:24 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Because, right, what matters is are you building this great, great product? Then, okay, we're not there yet for a little bit, right? We're a year away from a billion dollars of TSA. Or whatever. So then it's like, okay, what are the, What are the signals that you're on track? And so the signals that you're on track are, OK, are you showing expert? Do you have a brain lift? Do you have a great market pricing that's going to work? Do you have a set of goals for the month order? Right. Big, ambitious goals that you're hitting. Right. That's sort of the second tier. And if you have those, then you're going to be fine. And then the third tier is, OK, I don't have either of those. And so then how How are we going to judge whether you're working and making progress? And so then it comes, that's then the third tier of what are your activities, right? And so those are the tiers. And so things like the webcam and stuff don't matter when you're doing upper level stuff. It only matters at the bottom. Because it becomes a, you know, the bottom part is, God, you're not making any progress. Are you doing it? Right? And, you know, all the Crossover stuff comes from, we run it globally and all the stuff, and you have massive fraud around the world. So you have to have some balance of, does it, are you actually literally even showing up? It's like the guy who is working, like, jobs or whatever. Well, that's completely it. If you go to the Crossover website, we have a guy from Nigeria who's just like, yeah, if Crossover didn't have all these things, like the scams. I mean, Crossover is giving out $100,000 bills across the world with these jobs. And the fraud you do to steal $100,000 from a bank in a lot of places around the world is really high. I mean, we've literally had people get plastic surgery on their face to get arrest fraud detection that we have on our webcam, stuff like this, different economics, right? Different zones. And so if you're going to be global, it's a different world that you're here in Silicon Valley. And so anyway, so I wouldn't worry with as long as the other parts are happening. The third part, right, you should think of as gates, right, to moving through. And the webcam gate only matters when nothing else is working, is how you should think, right? When it's like, is the dude even showing up, right? And you're like, oh, they're not, right? It's sort of like, it's the same thing for our academics, which is, I'm crushing it, right? I crush the SAT, I crush the, right, I'm crushing Texas Star test, then you're like, okay, are you getting the lessons done? And okay, no, you're not crushing those. Like, okay, are you getting the lessons done? Are you putting in your two hours a day? Right? And then, okay, you are, right? And then you're like, you're putting in all your lesson time, but then you're failing your tests, right? Or on the test, you have to have the webcam because the parents cheat for you. And so there's some anti, some proctoring things you need, but fundamentally, if I'm crushing the test and I'm getting all the lessons done, I don't need it, right, with the kid, but then when those two aren't working, then I'm totally using the webcam and the screen cam to figure out how do I fix this problem? And so it's the gating thing. And so, and the bigger, all we're trying to do, Anima, is for everybody is just How do we get you on the path to success? And where's the failure point? Where's it happening? So we can help get you on the right road to success.

1:31:37 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
I think one of the weird disconnects or whatever is that like, we, it's almost like WorkSmart just like has an effect on our behavior as far as like, we kind of like have to choose between doing the absolute most effective thing we can be doing at a moment and like doing something at our computer. Yeah, it feels like,

1:31:59 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, and so back to the timing stuff.

1:32:03 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
I think most of us assume what you're just saying.

1:32:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
We're just like, all right, you're doing everything right, don't worry about it. But then like, with the AI manager recently, it's like, okay, so now like, recommendations to you are being made on the basis of the AI manager. No offense to whoever's coming up, the AI manager prompts, but I think we all who show up to your talks, we're like, all right, maybe this is not the most accurate representation of candidates being considered in this one particular thing.

1:32:39 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
That's why we're just like- Okay, so a couple of things. So on the AI manager stuff, so I want to build this AI manager. Good. Yeah. And so I'm super, we should be, whatever I'm a hundred, if you guys have, here's how the AI manager is wrong. I don't know who's building it, but if he's ever building it, you can send it to him or just send it to me. I know somehow it goes to your heart and so I could afford it. It's harder to get it built right. Back to the answer of the webcams, the big thing, it's overemphasizing the webcam relative to all the other stuff. I'm crushing everything else about it. My webcam score is low. I don't give a shit. It's only when everything else is back that you're like, are you showing up? At the end of the day, that's the only thing the webcam is showing is that you're showing up. When you're at that level, it's you're fucked, basically. If it comes down to the webcam, you're fucked because you're like, what's going on? If it's being overemphasized to be like, have it be a gate where, you know, literally it looks like you're doing nothing. And we're like, are you even showing up? And so back to that, so you don't feel, you know.

1:33:59 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
It pairs with like the sort of ranking and grouping all this stuff is like, just feels like a little bit disconnected from what is actually valuable for our group to be doing.

1:34:10 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Right, so whatever it is about the ranking that's going down, should change that as well, which is, you know, I want to emphasize what the things that matter, like this hierarchy. So if this ranking isn't based on, you know, are you guys working on big, right? Are you building billion dollar businesses? Are you, right? All of that is what we want emphasized. And if it's sorting on some other dimension, then I'll change it.

1:34:38 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Right, it does prioritize the projects.

1:34:40 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
On the webcam thing especially, I feel like WordSmart does create a culture that encourages you to work harder and it works because people here are putting like 60 plus hours so I don't think that's necessarily bad and like everyone turns on the screen recording so it has full content on what you're doing. The webcam thing still sort of hurts because whatever you work just like gets hacked so it feels like you're not getting It depends on what kind of work.

1:35:07 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
On your team, I think we're sort of, as you progress on a project, you kind of each have to fill a lane that might be de-emphasizing coding and be like, I'm selling.

1:35:19 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, exactly.

1:35:20 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
That's where that little thing right in the back of your mind that you have to get your hours in on work smart is almost like a doctor.

1:35:32 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Okay, well, if there's a way back to, if there's some change that you guys, so the, you know, if there's an algorithmic change, number one, right? Or the webcam one, right, versus screen cam or whatever, so that you guys don't feel, you know, it's.

1:35:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 4
Yeah, we can get exception for like getting hours cut due to webcam.

1:36:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
It's a lot for motivation.

1:36:07 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
I do really appreciate it.

1:36:14 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Trying to figure out where the signal is and figure out Right.

1:36:35 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
I mean, that's what we're right.

1:36:38 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
That's at the end. That's what we're all trying to write. That's very aligned with what we're trying to do. Exactly. But you there is and back to the I'll go figure out whatever the power of the reckoning is on it, but one of the realities is people who are remote in our environment, just like in academics, the kids, there is an element of it, but back to people who are in person and doing things and aligning around the goals, you don't have to worry about it because you're getting higher level representation of success, right? And that's a ground level, right? And so maybe it's a, if I missed these goals, and then the second tier goals, and then I'm down here, shit, now the webcam matters. So it doesn't matter up here, and then it does matter when this happens or something. And you have to earn your way out of that world. Sort of in alpha, it's like you have standard school, where you come in and you're guilty until proven innocent, coming from a normal school. And then you earn the two-hour learning badge, and then the students, and you have to sit at a desk, just like standard school. And to your point, right, you can't do the afternoon Texas Sports Academy workshops, right? So you crush it. Then once you earn the two-hour learning badge, you're like, dude, take your computer, go sit on beanbag, do whatever you want, you know? And then, and so, right, it's the same kind of thing where we lock you down in the school to then get the basics, then once you have the basics, you can do it, and so we can measure that with the higher-level folks.

1:38:30 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Recent discussion in the office about this was triggered because you were talking about gauntlet cohorts you hired. Yeah.

1:38:37 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So do you have anything to tell us about that, like what you're thinking? I know I sent the thing out, but I haven't Read the responses.

1:38:47 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
But what is it, the 17th?

1:38:50 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So you like Robert to lead that.

1:38:52 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
Well, yeah.

1:38:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I'm happy if it's more than one person can work on it. It's just there's one person. I can't talk to a team. There's one DRI. The DRI can have whoever else. All the super builders can be involved if you want. For sure, we're going to do the social stuff anyway.

1:39:40 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Let me go look at what the email list was or whatever. I think Silas, who's not here, wanted to organize that.

1:39:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Organize it? OK. Great. And my point on that is, you guys have whatever social budget you need to throw.

1:40:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
What would you do back 30 years? 30 years ago?

1:40:11 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
You were saying something about Vegas?

1:40:15 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
I don't think we can leave.

1:40:19 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
these days.

1:40:21 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Who would know? Maddie who did the, who owns Cabana? You guys did Cabana? You guys could do Cabana again if you wanted. Or Maddie could probably hook you up if there was a different one. Is there something? Not good for that. No, well, there's two different parts, which is you guys want to have just social stuff like that. So if it's, you want to go to dinner, you want to have like crazy huge dinner, uh, you know, uh, you ran out of restaurant. Do you guys want it?

1:41:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:41:12 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Right. If that would be one. Yeah. Uh, how many people is in, uh, 60, you know, uh, I bet you could Read out the kitchen, which is, uh, Kimball mosques. It's in my book. It's in where I live. It's it's currently, uh, not doing well because he's being, uh, canceled for being a bus. So I think you could definitely rent out, right? Rent it out, it's free. I mean, it has literally the best freaking brunches in the world. But if you guys want to rent out the kitchen and do that as a thing, so pick a day when it's good for you guys. And you know, it's got a bar and then a bunch of big restaurant just talk to them about whatever it is.

1:42:15 - Unidentified Speaker
That'd be perfect.

1:42:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:42:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:42:17 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. So once you do that, once you rent out the kitchen, and then that can be the first one. And then you can see, there can be multiple ones that you can do that are fun. Our guides always rent out. The pitch and putt. Right? The Butler Park pitch and putt.

1:42:46 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
They always love that.

1:42:49 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
For the golfers. The other one, if you haven't done it, you can do the boats on the big Right. Right. So for people who are new here and haven't done it, I thought it was all good. I was dying.

1:43:26 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Oh, it's too hot. All right. Indoor. Great.

1:43:33 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
perfect yeah I got to stop by stop by yet Benjamin Royston still love it I get updates on him so he's decided his Bryce CS degree is useless he's not gonna drop out but it's feeling like this is what they should be the very thing so it's your friend right sir just yeah saw who Yeah, so just finished freshman year. But it, you know, the gauntlet stuff really proves the value. I just fundamentally believe colleges are going to come like this, which is the cohort, the in-person cohort of a college, right, is its huge advantage, right, that you want to get people together and work on awesome cool stuff and have, right, you want to put aligned high the ambitious people together to do cool stuff bond. Right. And that's what college could be. It's like what is college going to be. You can just like use some apps. And so.

1:44:49 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
We're listening to your Stanford podcast, by the way, it was it was hilarious because you had the spreadsheet, the entrepreneur changes, the selling spreadsheet analogy. That one I used because I used to talk at Harvard at Stanford.

1:45:15 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
because they'd always ask me, and I'm like, none of you are fucking entrepreneurs, right? It was very much a, you know, and I'm just like, by getting an MBA, you are shown you're not an entrepreneur, right? And like, there's no bigger signal, right? And at Stanford, the MBAs are very, engineering side. For that, right, that it's engineering, right, tech drives it. But it's gonna be interesting now with, you know, audience building versus engineering. What's the skill set that matters for the next decade?

1:46:01 - Unidentified Speaker
On what?

1:46:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Audience building?

1:46:03 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, no, I mean, distribution's always mattered. And it's just getting, you know, Yeah. You look at, you look at what McKinsey's doing with alpha as like the exam. Right. I mean, she can, she's, she's going to fill up 25 cities. She's going to drive, you know, if you think lifetime value, these customers, right. It's somewhere between half a million and a million. She's going to add in a few months, you know, 300 of lifetime value, literally from our Instagram account that was zero two years ago, right? Zero. And for in her case, it's like being, there's just no other educational influencer who has a product that's so differentiated, right? So it drives all that energy and excitement. And so she can capture it because no one else has anything interesting to say, right? Now, and she also was smart enough to capture the high end of the market where all the money is, right? And all the other people try to capture the low end of the market, they can't grow because they have no capital because there's no money there, right? And you're sort of caught in that. That's it.

1:47:25 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Do you know what the structure of her events are? It's a talk and then it's a Saturday afterwards.

1:47:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:47:31 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So the structure that she does, the way is. You know she she has her Instagram account right and- I don't know seven hundred fifty thousand people I don't know if any of these. Seven fifty so she got seven fifty. And she has a two hour learning website. And so she drives traffic. Right to two hour learning. And people just put in their email address and say let me know if alpha ever comes to this city or I'm interested in alpha homeschool sort of what we're doing for our lady page for time back and So she's been collecting those for the last year then when she goes to a city she doesn't Instagram story I'm like at my limit or whatever something she doesn't do a full post she does like a story and I And we email the people who've signed up in that zip code area. And she drives about 100 people to an info session. And she says, I'm going to do an info session. And the math of the hierarchy is 100 people at the info session, 50% of them will sign up for a shadow day. And then 50% of the people who do a shadow day will go to the school. So it's 150 25s. And the micro schools are 25 kids. And for Fort Worth and Folsom and Orange County, it looks like that's going to have worked. The Saturday might be two weeks later. One week later. We've done it like the next day, but it gets she's struck on her thing because the team. So we send it a week later for people because we also at her at her event, you know, and the key to her event versus like a year ago when it wasn't working as well is her, you know, identifying narrowing your focus. So a year ago, I was like, we need to focus on founding families. And I want you, Mackenzie, to sit and talk about how Joe is not a fucking founding family. It took me two fucking years to convince him to come down a decade ago. And that founding families are people like McKinsey, right? It will wake up and say, I want to be the one who creates the culture for my kid. Like, I want to pick the kids that they're around. I want to be the leading edge, right? And, you know, there's always pushback. That you're like, well, your ice, there's, it's too few.

1:50:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:50:22 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
That's too limited. Right. But then you, the problem is you get all these people to come to an info session. Right. And she's like, okay, well, who's willing to be the first 25 and nobody raises her hand. And you have to qualify down, be like only come if you want to be a founding family and bring this revolutionary education to Folsom. Right. And you have to get the customers to change their mind. Because in general, customers want to be passive. And be like, well, once there's 100 people, I'll show up. But then you have to paint a vision for that, of how they're a change maker. And no, and they're like, Oh, maybe I am the one who wants to bring it to full. So I wasn't going to be. But maybe I do want to be that because that sounds pretty cool. I want to be McKinsey. That's better than being Joe. Huh? Right. And Then all of a sudden, you literally at the event, she's like, all right, guys, we're only coming if 25 of you sign up. Right. The only reason I'm here is because you guys asked me to be here, but you guys have to sign up 25. So who's your friends, who you bring in? We got a shadow day in a week. Fill it up. Right. And then all of a sudden, the parents are like, oh, OK, you know, and one of them's all go on TV and You know, and so you turn them from passive into active evangelists, right? Where they're going to actively evangelize for you, which is what's required. I mean, she doesn't know anybody in Folsom, right? And that's what you're, you have to activate your troops, right? And that is what she does so effectively now is by narrowing the focus, you find the core hardcore fans, right? The true believers. You know, early adopters and crossing the chasm. And then you get them to do right to go out and do it. And they're the ones who will bring it because you need back to references. You have to have someone in Folsom's be like, I'm doing it right. It's like the video, like the clip from it was a mom's like, you know, the reporter said, why? So, right. Cause this you're at a dinner party. Your friends are gonna be like, you're going to the weird school that, right. That was me. There's no teachers like aren't you worried? Right, that's what you're going to get. And she's like no, this is the future. You know, on TV she's like this is the future. We can get really you don't want your kid to do it two hours. You really want to sit there for six. We all hated it. Right, and that's the answer to dinner party or on TV. Either one TV is probably better even right and But there's two ways, but you have to activate him. You have to educate him. Brand that, that you, that you're a founding family and you have a hat. It says founding family and get right. And here it is. And yes, you have to do work, right? You have to do work. And Hey, I know a lot of you, only the special people are founding families. Right. And so that's, and then they fill the shadow day. And like, we expect 50% on the shadow day Fort worth. We had 100%. Of the people who shadowed. Right. And that's how, you know, you have great product. Yeah. Right.

1:53:36 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
And so if this is your founding family, it's really helpful because right now we're helping coaches deliver their pitch to parents. Yeah. We're working with them on that. Yeah. And they haven't covered the part of helping the parents get to feel like they're the founding family.

1:53:54 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Exactly. You're like, you are a founding family. Education, two hour learning D one athletes. You're going to go help get all the other, who do you want around your kid? Right. What other, do you want to athlete types? Do you want, and every parent's like, Oh, I totally want them. And we're like, well, let's go get up. Let's go get up. Right. McKinsey is always like, we hit Folsom. She's like, who are the three people in this town who like move the needle? Right. And she's like, well, let's go get them. Right. And there's always, right. There's the super connector influencers. It's like, Oh, Bill Ackman. Well, let's go get Bill. He just gave $15 million to Horace man. He'll never come. Let me talk. Let me talk. Okay. Oh, look, he's moving. Oh my God. Right. Like the Aspen, like people would ask me or talking about Bill Ackman moving because nobody thought he would move. Right. Which would be. Yeah. No ball for say, right. It's those people go get up. Right. Who are the people right in your sport or your sports city? Right. Who in Ron rocks, the soccer person, right? Like, Oh, let's go get that. Right. But you, you're activating them and you're, you have the ability, you're like, guys, this is totally different. And you, part of it, good. Marketing is embracing your weakness to make it a strength. Right. Instead of trying to avoid the truth, it's literally embrace the truth of your product. Like this is totally different and weird to most people, but it's revolutionary. Right. And having that, all those thoughts in their head, right. Two hours, you don't like, I always, I'm like, who two hours would really work. We must be like cheating, right? And that, because what is in your prospect's head, right? And then when you address it, right? No, it's like, we're uploading like, hey, in our sub stack this weekend is about all our academic results. So she's taking our maps results and making it downloadable. And it's like, download this and put it into chat G and here's some prompts you could do so you can do it yourself because if you're just reading it passively you're like this is such bullshit but if you get the person to download it be like this oh my god right it forces them to educate right we educate parents it forces them to educate themselves right it's like type in the prompt that says compare alpha to fill in your school. First of all, go ask your school for the maps results, but they're not going to give them to you because they're embarrassed. But you know who knows what those answers are?

1:57:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Chachapiti does.

1:57:01 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So just ask it. And it's going to say, OK, Alpha's way better. But you're engaging them in it. And so that's what you're founding families are do for sports camp. You're changing how school should be. Right. And you have to equip founding families with the dinnertime narrative. They're at a dinner party. Their friends are shitting skeptical. They don't want to look like an idiot. Right. They want to look like they're the visionary. They're like, no, I'm totally like we're doing it right. They got all this great academics and you equip them with Imagine it is true that kids only need two hours a day. Don't I owe it to my kid that like, try it out. I can always pull them back and put them in public school if it doesn't work.

1:57:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

1:57:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I mean, that was my pitch three years ago when I got in front of all the parents and I had zero proof. Right. And I'm like, there, no adult will teach academics in this school building. And if I find that you hire a two tutor for your kid, I'm going to kick them out, right? Parents are not into this. I'm like, but just give me from August to January, one map cycle. Just give me that. Your kid's in school 12 years, just that amount of time. You can't screw them up that much in that amount of time. So there's very little downside. But imagine I prove to you, this guy can learn two X in two hours. That changes the rest of his academic career. They're like, oh. Fucking hate you. Okay. Right. But then they did it and then it was happy. Right. But you right. And that you're equipping them, which is look at how isn't this vision of the future is right. Isn't this vision of the future what you want for your kid? And I mean, really, and you don't, you don't try it. You're going to wait for everybody else to go first. No, some of you will. Some of you will, they shouldn't be in this meeting. Right. That's what McKinsey says. Right. She's like, Hey, for those of you who aren't founding families, I'm not really talking to you. I'm literally only talking to the founding family. Right. People are like, Oh, wait, I want to be one of those. Right. And that's your, you're creating right. And no. Back to Mike Maples with all his stuff and just when you're creating things, entrepreneurs have a vision of the future and they describe that future and invite people to join them. I'm going to Mars, who wants to go? And there's a lot of people on this planet who are like, that's fucked up. I have no interest in going to Mars. But there's also a lot of people who'd be like, okay, yeah, I would totally go to Mars. Right. I want to go on that vision. Right. But that is a vision of the future. Right. And so that's what you're that's what as an entrepreneur it's clearing the future and then fighting the people go with.

2:00:12 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Right. Yeah.

2:00:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:00:14 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And that's correct. But like it's imagine all cars are electric and they don't suck like leafs or whatever. Work. They're like great cars. And I was like, Oh, I want to be part of that.

2:00:30 - Unidentified Speaker
I like that.

2:00:31 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Right. Yes. Great. Most of those are speaking with a bunch of parents. Yeah. On behalf of one of the coaches doing his martial arts school. So great.

2:00:41 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Able to split this family there. Yeah. No, it's, it's, it's the, um, this is where the story This is why we bring the alpha kids, right?

2:00:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:00:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Which you guys don't have yet. They will get to find our fire.

2:01:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah, you just find them.

2:01:03 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, Mackenzie got a new one. She's got this eight year old girl who was in Orange County last night. And she's just like phenomenal. Public speaker, right? And, and, and when, and McKinsey asked her a question, but she's like, don't anybody from the audience. Right. And they're all very hesitant to, to grill an eight year old. And McKinsey's like, no, no, seriously. Like she can handle it. Right. That's here, help her out. Public speaking is an important part. You need to be able to do Q and a So if you have a question, you're, you're really just helping them. And then apparently. Asks, you know, what do you think you're missing out with from your last?

2:01:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:01:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
That, cause that's what they're worried about their kid. Right. And she's like my last school, I hated my last school. And then goes on to bachelor school. She's like, and let me explain why alpha is better. Right. You know, the three things I love about alpha and, you know, and she's eight. Right. These, you know, and then a parent's like, well, how do you learn about a teacher? And she's like, well, you know, when I came into alpha, she came in lately, she's been there a year. She's like, when I came in and I took the first test, it was very disappointing because, you know, I'm going into the third or fourth grade, whatever. And it said I was second. And that was just very hard. But then, you know, you can just do the apps, you know, and I love the apps. And so I'm now in sixth and seventh grade, even though my age grade is fourth grade. Right. And like, just as the answer and the parents are like, Oh my God. Right. And it's that story where what if my kids behind, okay. It's disappointing. And then boom, look at how far ahead she is. And it's just, you know, it's being told not by an adult, it's being told by this eight year old girl of her youth, right? And parents are like, okay, that might be my kid or I hope that's my kid, right? So yes, they need a reference. They have to see the kid do something their kid can't do in this case, the academic or love school or whatever. And second, they needed a reference from an adult, so her mom was there. Her mom talked about how hard it was for her to want to go to Albuquerque. But then, because she's like, it just seemed, you know, unbelievable. Screen time and all these things, but oh my God, thank Great. Get some parents, get the pitches down.

2:04:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Do you have good swag?

2:04:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. That's a good one so far. Okay. But yeah, you guys are going to have to work though on your top down, awesome Texas sports academy pitch that you can start giving out to the right, to the media. Right. I mean, you guys should, you have to wake up and be like, our story is so good. Make it that way where it dominates.

2:04:40 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Right.

2:04:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Where the story dominates.

2:04:42 - Unidentified Speaker
What?

2:04:42 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I mean, I don't understand why in Texas you would not be the number one educational story.

2:04:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:04:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Right? Your story is way better than Alfa's. And I understand outside of Texas, okay, well, you're not in Orange County, so they're going to have to do McKinsey-Alpha in Orange County because it's there. But in Texas, why would, right, why would you not dominate all over Texas? Right? And that's, you guys have to generate the top of funnel demand and the height And then all the coaches will be coming here.

2:05:42 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

2:05:46 - Unidentified Speaker
But yeah.

2:05:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Top of funnel demand is going to make be what makes. How was business model work, right? We've gone from six years to fill a school. Our goal was six months and it looks like six weeks. Right. And all the economics work phenomenally, right? When you have social media driven and press driven upper funnel demands, basically unlimited upper funnel. And our key insight that we did change was you can't fill a 250 person school. You do a micro school. And then that micro school creates all the local references. So McKinsey can fill a micro school. And so you create one, and then that creates the references that allow you to fill a 250, right? And so it's two stages. But they're both profitable stages. Sorry, you were going to ask something. Yes. One thing about running a show for McKinsey is information.

2:07:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
I assume it's like 45 minutes to an hour, like that. So talk for about two days. You have to know what that structure looks like and where they found the word well.

2:07:15 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Um, you do, What is her session her session is she tries to keep her talking to less than 15 minutes She tries, you know, if you have kids you put them up. Yeah So if she has an alpha high kid, she doesn't talk the first now if I kid gets up And gives a presentation if she's got the eight-year-olds she presents but then puts the eight you know, getting up, but you want as much Q and a, as you can get. Um, uh, because the core of the message is very simple. You know, you want the core of the message just to be very simple, not complicated. Uh, uh, and you're trying to, a lot of it, especially in the beginning is you don't know what their objections are. Like what you're trying to draw out, what is in their head? Like, why the fuck aren't you joining? Like, what is it? Right. And that's what you're going to get in your first couple rounds. Right. And then once you figure that out, then that's in the presentation. And so you're addressing it up front.

2:08:31 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:08:31 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And so a lot of all this stuff is you're just trying to find what the biggest bottleneck is so you can eliminate Like, all the discussions became this, you know, before we used to have buildings. It used to be we'd get 25 families and then we'd get a building. And it just became this brass. It just slowed everything down. You're like, you're never filling a school in six months that way. It's way better to get the building and fill it. Right? And you can do demographics to know if it could be filled. So you don't have to wait. It's not like some theory, right? It's like, there's going to be a school we'll get an alpha is going to be in this year in this zip code. So let's go find a building. Okay. Now let's go fill it. And so we reverse those because without it, it just became a, no one will commit until there's a building, but you, you, we wouldn't do a bill or his chicken. And that's why we did this deal with Montessori. So it's super cheap. Everybody else like has to go find a $10 million, $200 per And so it gets slow and expensive. This way it was a quick way. You guys won't have that.

2:09:44 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So with the parents not committing until they know the building, is that because they want to know the address? Do they also want to tour the building first?

2:09:54 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
They do. I mean, some people actually want to physically do it. Everybody wants to know, where is it? Because am I within 20 minutes? Number one. Right. How far away is it? And number two, and it makes it permanent. Okay. This is really happening. This isn't theory, theoretical. And then there's a small set where like, I want to see the book. Right. So like, but last night we had 10 people sign up with the thing and the info session wasn't at the school. Right. It was at some restaurant or something. Right. And so those 10 people didn't need to see the building. They didn't even need to see a shattered it. Now we force the shadow day because we won't let their kid in. But they signed up, put the deposit down.

2:10:41 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So one objection that a coach got was the parent has been waiting a little while to be off the wait list of his partners. Yes. And how it works is I believe if they don't take that first spot and they can't take it next year.

2:10:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Correct.

2:10:58 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
And so that's been a hesitation.

2:11:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:11:01 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
consider it just like a country school.

2:11:04 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So I'm wondering. Well, private school is even worse. I mean, charter school is similar, which is, you know, if you like, well, Bill Ackman, right. He's pulling his kid out of horse, man. He can't go back.

2:11:21 - Unidentified Speaker
It's six.

2:11:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:11:22 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And like in Miami, the wait list is three years. So if you pull your kid out, send him now, if it doesn't work, you fucked your kid for three years. I mean, seriously, that's the issue. And like in Miami, we didn't have a high school and they're like, well, if you don't go to the middle school, you can't get into the high school. All those issues, those are all real issues. Right. Um, and there's that, that's just the reality of it. Right. And we're like, well, our school is so great. It is going to work. Work. So that's the issue. But that's what they have to overcome. That's why people won't come. Yeah. Things like that. Right. Yeah.

2:12:04 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Another hesitation has been a parent has had a low-income demographic and so they qualified for a scholarship this year. Yeah. But then they're like, what if something happens and I don't get the voucher next year? Yeah. So that's been another hesitation. Yeah. No.

2:12:20 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And so those are going to be What if I don't get a voucher is like your biggest one. Right. It's brand new. ESAs are new. Right. And this is why you have to have a product that's just so strong that everybody's like, shit, I'll take it. Right. If it's, if it's incrementally, no one switches for incrementally better because the installed base pull is so strong. The safe choice is to stay. On the charter waiting list, right? Or stay in the other school or whatever, right? And to get outside it. How do I get back in once I get outside? And wait lists are long.

2:13:01 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah, when that objection comes up, I tell the coach the story of, it was Peter Tisdottir that went to Alba and then Westlake. He's like, I can't do this. I got to go. I want to go out.

2:13:13 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. No. And so that, that is back to the things you do get. One, with your product. Right. If I was talking to the charter school.

2:13:24 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:13:24 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And it's just middle school. This is just middle school. Right. It's just. Right. This the academics on this, if you care about academics, which is I assume why you're at the charter school. Right. The academics of the school are infinitely better. There's just no. Right. There is no school comparison, there's no charter school. And if your kid loves sports and can be a D one athlete, they're not going to be at the charter school. Right. Right. And so you get both the great academics and the team. Right. But they're, they're like, well, what proof you have? And you'll be like, well, it's all the alpha, right? This. Here it is.

2:14:14 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
We've got tomorrow, he's printed out the white paper as well as the candidate handed out and stuff like this and

2:14:23 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And if the kids go into a charter school, he obviously is. If it's like a basis or I don't know what kind of, I mean, there's lots of charter schools, so I don't know which one, but You know, a parent who cares about academics and is sending them to charter schools, the kid is going to do much better with two hours.

2:14:50 - Unidentified Speaker
It's just, it's just straight up, but right.

2:14:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
You got to convince imperative, show all the results of the facts. So. But that's why I'm going on the podcast on Monday is to convince the New York families, right? They are the hardest school district. I mean, it's the hardest school private school market in the world. Right. It has the highest standards. Of any school market, right?

2:15:29 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
The best schools are. Right. Most demanding.

2:15:33 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:15:33 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
We were we're gonna, Patrick and I were gonna talk about when to do it. I believe he's gonna want to do it quickly. I was trying to push for later, but I think I'm gonna change that. And just go down. Sooner rather than later.

2:15:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Location of that Alps is a good spot too.

2:16:01 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
The Seaport area, which doesn't have as many schools right now. Yeah, Upper East Side's buried.

2:16:09 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Well, we have demand in Upper East Side. I don't mind competition. We're the fucking best school. Like, I don't mind being right next to Dolph or Horace Maynard. But so one of the guideposts that went bankrupt is right on museum mile. Right. And so we're thinking about, we'll see how the Hampton things goes in August, but I expect we're going to have, we're going to blow out the first school quickly back to, we have great, our academics are so good that there's just. You know, Austin fundamentally doesn't give a shit about academics as a market. Right. Relative to in New York, they do.

2:16:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:17:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
No, I was talking to a friend up there and he definitely doesn't want to send his kid to school. Traditionalist, you know, stuff. He's like, I fucking saw those scores. You guys post it. Cause I sent him some of the data. He's like, I'm going to have to go the school, don't I? I'm just going to have to, because I really care about standardized stats. I care about score. If you want them to be really good, yeah. I believe that market is that way. I believe GT market will be that way, and I believe New York will be that way. I believe Bay Area will be that way. Those are your highest academic demand. But Sports Academy is fucking Texas. Right? Sport Texas is not a high academic demand market. We are Austin's gonna be the right? It already is, right? All the good educational ideas. There's a new micro school opening up for like three year olds, right? And it's just, it's totally whacked, like totally innovative, right? But for three, four and five year olds basically, right? In Westlake. And so no, we're definitely, we're gonna have all Because, and part of it is because all the families have moved to COVID, right? If you moved to Austin during COVID, you're more entrepreneurial than somebody who didn't. And those are the families who are willing to try new schools. And in order to get new schools, you have to have families willing to go there, right? And that's why you have us and Acton Academy, right? You have all these various micro school type innovations, UAT. At the university level, right? There's just a whole set of different things.

2:19:07 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Speaking of the Astrophotics article, you mentioned that he was able to find the math results and the true data behind the school for AlphaSchool, which is a big reason why he moved across the country. And many other private schools don't publish that data, correct? And so I'm trying to think about what that would be for the Sports Cabinet. We'll think about that too. What is the data you go to a sports center.

2:19:34 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
It might not really be sports.

2:19:36 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
I was personally thinking about, like, for basketball, there's a lot of discussion currently around how AAU has, like, movement-based kids physically and, like, physically. Because they go to school for seven hours a day, they go to basketball practice for school for two hours a day. Then they have AAU on the weekends, starting in the summer, during all breaks. So I think you guys might have a lifestyle I think that actually, two hours at a clinic, four hours at the school, it was actually more efficient for the kids to go to school and work harder.

2:20:13 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
40 hours for the school to go back to school. Yeah, I agree with the same thing.

2:20:20 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
It's something our parents depend on. It's quite important. I believe. Videos. Of deliberate practice. And if there's videos of AI assisted deliberate practice. Would be your like at middle school level, you know how like put up your camera and have it give you analysis. The average middle school is not doing that. The average after school sports isn't doing it. And you guys just having the videos of these kids, right. Are mastering the basics, just like the equivalent of, you know, mastery in the academics. Sports is the same thing, except it's more baked into the culture that it's good to master the basics and as opposed to academics where it's considered dumb. Um, but mastering the basics where you have, you know, imagine if you sat there and you had an app that was filming, right. The kids doing the basics and the sports Academy kids are scoring a hundred percent. Right. And that's just being broadcast. And you guys are like, right. And it's just, and parents can just see that and you're like, well, what are What's your kid do? Right? And they're not, right? But that's just back to, right? You guys have a standard of excellence, right? This is why we're gonna crush D1, starting in middle school, math, basically. And here it is, and it's not just, we literally have AI measuring. We use AI to measure it, and oh my God, right? And put your, Well, does your after school or does your middle school sports team do this? Put them to the challenge, right? And they just won't have that, right?

2:22:30 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
There's an app called Dribbble Up.

2:22:33 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
I get our Facebook ads all the time. It's literally just AI-assisted dribbling practice. Yeah, exactly. And that's one of the apps we want to fund.

2:22:43 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Correct. Correct. And every sport just has the basics, and then you just show that your guys are the basics, which every coach, okay, this is awesome. Right. And there's, you know, because it's, you could, even if just the same thing, you spent 15 minutes a day and of the afternoon mastering the basics with the app, right.

2:23:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:23:07 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Or every kid gets individualized, you know, whatever it is, something like that, where you have, right. You're improving their performance relative to what you're gonna get it middle school PE class or middle school after school you know sports and then you're broadcasting that via your massive reach and parents are just like right I'm not getting that right and shit my coach doesn't have anything like this right and instead you get the clips and you're sending them to the parents, here's how your kid did today on the basics.

2:23:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:23:46 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
And when those kids go, do you want, that's going to be all the data that it's like, No, at the end of the day, you'll have that, but that's years away.

2:23:58 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah. Right. You have years away, but yes, but you'll have. And so what you're trying to show is intermediate markers. So even if I don't get the Ivy league, My freshmen are 1410 SAT, okay? Fucking no other school has that. And so you publish that. But the mastering of the basics with AI hits a lot of things. It hits your AI. Oh yeah, it's the AI school. They do the academics too, right? But it's AI sports. Right. And second, mastering the basics is what makes you a great athlete. Right. That, that is a skill that people recognize. Right.

2:24:48 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Well, for performance trainers that focus on helping the kid jump higher. Yeah. Cause there's like hard data that people know about.

2:24:58 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Exactly.

2:24:58 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
The 40 yard dash.

2:25:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:25:00 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
So you use AI to improve our 40 yard dash. Yeah.

2:25:06 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Exactly tons of content on. Right on your jump. It's sitting there watching you and then saying, here's what's wrong with your form.

2:25:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:25:18 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And it's, you know, it comes out, it's like, okay, I looked at your job. Okay. It's your forms like 80% of the problem, or it's like, Whoa, forms great. Go lift weights. You know, or whatever the

2:25:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

2:25:41 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
It'd be a great partnership with like that makes good, like that's already analyzer. Yeah, it's already.

2:25:54 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Second.

2:25:55 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
I think there is doing the same thing. Creators, yeah. He's like interviewing a bunch of graders, getting their break notes, and then using that for his grader course.

2:26:21 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, good.

2:26:23 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Yeah, I got to meet with him.

2:26:31 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 3
Oh, you can talk to separate.

2:26:33 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Oh, and then you can pay him. There's stuff here. He's Dio. Yeah.

2:26:39 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
That was something like, is that for Mr.

2:26:42 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
Peace, for example, right? So I'm talking to Mr. Peace. Mr. Peace has like Twitter groups. He's been talking to people. Or like, you know, just talk like the guy who works. Right.

2:26:56 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
So they know all the stuff.

2:26:58 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
What is that? Like uh so building these brain lifts yeah for creators obviously creators don't want to share like their true strategy so rather than talking creator just talk the person who works right under them and just get their thoughts how they actually how they actually yeah yeah no the one of the things that's uh many people don't understand It's getting to a person's team.

2:27:26 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
I feel like all the Mr. Beast stuff is, Elle called up Carl, whatever, the two guys, right? And they don't give requests to do in person, right? And she's like, oh, come to Alpha, right? And then all of a sudden they were back, oh my God, this Alpha school. And so all of a sudden, Mr. Beast team is talking about Alpha School. But if you tried to get Mr. Beast to do it, you'd make no progress, but you get his team. And then, right? So like when she was there last, whenever, a couple of weekends ago, you know, Carl, which we call her, like, oh, I can't wait to come back to Alpha. And, you know, Mr. Beast is like, what? And they're like, oh, remember we were telling you the Alpha School, this is it, you know? And so you bought like, lots of credibility and knowledge when they came back because they're explaining, right? So we're going to hire some extra people to do our workshops. Yeah, so we're going to set up basically a film studio here and basically make it an workshop kind of thing, sort of, uh, for middle and high school. And it's going to be content creation video, right? Create YouTube videos, but it's all going to be about these crazy workshops. So like they heard about the, we taught all the middle schoolers to sail and then Miami to the Bahamas. And they're like, Oh my God, you guys got, I hope you filmed a hundred percent. We should live stream that. And they're like, why don't we go go create just more workshops like that. And so we're hiring because they're actually going to come up with great workshop ideas. A, like culturally, they're aligned with workshops we'd love to do. And then B, building audience around. So we're going to just, we'll do it for both Alpha kids as well as just other Austin kids as a recruiting. Because if you're doing the after school or weekend Right. Go back home. Maybe I should just go to school.

2:29:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:29:51 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
So and then he's working on one for the e-sports video game tutoring intern. But all of it relies on time back shipping all the apps content. I'm going to have 20 campuses on August 11th. Hope I have some software. It's only one month away. So many days, plenty of days. I believe that the Goals app will be considered bigger and better than those, yes. Like Princeton Review and stuff are high school coded. And this is gonna be, no one has basically the grade school level stuff that we'll be doing at the level of resolution that we will. From a scale in size, it'll be bigger than those because its market potential is not just high school.

2:31:29 - Unidentified Speaker
It's going to be, you know, third through eighth grade as well.

2:31:39 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, we want to use the map Independent of whether technology works, we can't have our own test that says we do well on our own test. We need their third party test where they say we do well. So we're using their credibility. So scraping and stuff isn't going to help. It's sort of like the SAT test saying you can reverse engineer and create an SAT test. And call it whatever you want, but the college is like, they need the SAT break. So, but no, the goals app is going to be great because parents, there's no way today for parents to go in for their kid and say, I want them to be top 10% or top 1% or be one grade level ahead, right? They can't, there's nothing out there that does that. And that is really bad because even the tests, you know, Princeton with you, which is like 100 points or whatever, that is really only SAT, a little bit of AP.

2:33:28 - Unidentified Speaker
And so...

2:33:31 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
The XP is only granted on progress through the curriculum.

2:33:50 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
And so I guess there's two questions. Are you saying they're going to fail the onboarding test?

2:34:06 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, the cheating part.

2:34:09 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
That's why we do the webcam and the monitoring with the kids. To make sure they're doing the work. The second is, what do you do with kids who cheat the test going in? I'm trying to remember how we were doing The prizes you got or lower levels, um, we're low, we're younger. Like, and so you're like, I'm in sixth grade. I'm getting like a first grade from the Emporium, right. Trade for real world goods. And you got first grade stuff and kids are like, okay, I don't want, and it wasn't until they got. Up to the sixth grade, that they were getting the stuff they want. ...

2:35:30 - Unidentified Speaker
...

2:35:43 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
In the end, the parents are the ones paying for all these rewards. And so one of the things we were thinking about was putting a check in, which is your kid tested in four grade levels below. Do you agree that's where they are? And if the parent agrees, because then they're funding for, they have to fund four grade levels of advancement and the money we use to buy things for kids it comes out on the big names. And so there's this check and balance from the parent's side. Um, so, and if they're okay with it, right, if it's, you got to pay a thousand dollars a grade level, you're like, do you want your kids to start in second grade? Cause you know, That'll be $5,000 to get it set.

2:37:02 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 2
or next good day when we get to the next level, then they put money on the table for the next thing. So the money just, you know, the parent has to decide where the money is.

2:37:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Versus having like one standard across like everything.

2:37:23 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
You said like quick action and 10 bucks for the everything. I guess Bill Ackman played tennis as a duo.

2:38:08 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
It's an understatement of the year.

2:38:11 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I would say that he just sent me.

2:38:14 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 6
Yeah, that's terrible. He said that he froze. He apparently plays with like D1 athletes normally, but in front of the cameras, he said he literally can't breathe. But it was great. He was joking.

2:38:27 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 1
We're working on setting up that Ackman thing. He's like a big They just made a fake ESPN documentary about him. Yeah. Oh yeah, the kids with the... So he's laughing with it too. Good naturedly. All right. All right then. Good luck.

2:38:53 - Conference Room (Kutlu Okan) - Speaker 5
Thank you.